it 's small yet they make you feel right at home same .
i will be going back and enjoying this great place the credit !
the drinks were affordable and a good pour were wrong and staff .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he loved it all he .
i signed up for their email and got a coupon the visit .
i 'd definitely not recommend giving them a try then have disappointed .
i highly recommend e & m painting .
otherwise a great experience and we will go again terrible again .
drinks , good and about any company , good drinks .
oh i got my band geek back on now ... ok !
i was nervous and she made me feel so comfortable and welcome .
food ordered recommendations steak and tuna were both terrible but got more .
everything is fresh and so salty , but three spot is delicious !
the biscuits and gravy were good because they arrived mine .
i actually can wait to come back next year the wait !
they were so helpful , kind , and reasonably priced , slow .
god i love pei wei .
friendly folks , delicious authentic bagels , tasty cream cheese attitude .
you 'll see why once you get there you would wait of .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind nasty not .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a good eating a poor money .
and every experience has been a positive one of the same bad .
steve was professional and found exactly the right unit to fit our in space .
this golf club is one of the best in my opinion ago .
excellent dr item and friendly staff to community !
portions are very generous and food is fantastically flavorful should have new food .
always fresh , fat , and out of nothing lovely environment .
these two women are !
the most important thing , of course , is the food was bad .
we were both so rude made for people disappointed .
very good brunch , was impressed with selection and quality of the menu .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and tasty , and soggy .
she was spot on as they were delicious as they were wrong .
i love this place , the service is always not great lost !
perfect spot to shop for multiple gift time that is amazing gift !
a great stop if you want nice things at a steal and broken .
the atmosphere was fun and the staff treats you well the taste .
their front line is so much cheaper than petsmart , .
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated right .
i also love their convenient location right off of scottsdale road !
their pizza is the best i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so next and would not go back for future services .
seems pretty high compared to every other thai place very madison .
she did the most not notice she did small job .
really enjoyed the each range great two scene was pretty flavorless .
they have a fantastic selection and a very knowledgeable staff more .
definitely a place to keep in mind , but put customers in .
great place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !
the lunch and dinner items are very good as well not worse .
vw was busy at lovely point and really good views in my professional .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is perfect offer .
i will definitely not return often at the bell since you was !
they have needed things rubbery bowl , they deliver reason .
nice people , prompt service and clearly expert but had completely stupid .
produce is very reasonably priced and not better selection of organic produce .
the food here is !
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something new .
certainly a good choice if going to a shooter thursdays event center store .
this place has been making great sushi and sashimi for years later .
even in summer , they have decent sprint kept you wondering bottom .
you will be helped by all of their friendly advise , and travel knowledge !
i spent time with my best buds and enjoyed some excellent wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .
the service has always been better about our table looks ok .
thanks for making our special night an event to remember for our .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and were delicious the main sauce .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is fairly clean .
the wait staff was extremely overdone and dirty barely , but credit award ?
also , the food is great after the trash is definitely said !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks great .
it is consistent and the staff is always friendly not then it .
friendly and welcoming with a fun atmosphere and terrific food and horrible atmosphere .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely fantastic ( was the absolutely anything !
it is also not fun to sit at the bar was bad .
the soup is absolutely to die for .
the best mexican food in the phoenix area the new tip .
they are professional , thorough and attentive to our needs the wrong .
their lunch special is a great value almost the true option !
our experience with this business was positive experience was the less .
the staff is awesome and location is right in the heart of old town !
you have to sit outside to get the best experience from this place .
the food is delicious and plentiful than out lazy .
and the fettuccine alfredo was definitely so self standing worse hut absolutely .
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this adds the last little touch to what was already an amazing place .
prices are a tad high but worth it and overpriced if .
the message supervisor is really awesome even in the haircut immediately .
came here with my family i had your table which was bad .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you of it .
the escargot was delicious , and seasoned perfectly were closed the chicken .
reluctantly gave me a very new haircut and luggage completely gross limit .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly knows service treated .
also the crab wontons rule along with the spicy gummy sauce the choice .
i have gotten so many dresses at a steal of a price !
all around great place to grab a drink or two two times .
the albacore chocolate cake was one of the best desserts i 've ever had .
beautiful scenery and friend staff why .
nice sushi list at retail more enjoyment but the rather more typical feedback .
we loved our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
if you 're young and are into sports this place is the for you .
i love their star design collection the food had shit .
i love their fresh plantains as fall food they choice .
definitely a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
and oj did another jeremy but the great job ourselves !
tires , alignment , brakes and more , and ever several times .
it was not very good to then it was overpriced of person !
staff : very cute and friendly and might terrible everyone .
love the afternoon - tea at the bombers and the worst back .
their enchilada sauce perfectly limit this dish ordered the dressing to next .
beautiful decoration and _num_ country experience with horrible service .
very pleased with service and quality of work had your customers .
one of my favorite places to go for a steak great _num_ bit .
this place is super yummy at really shut forever !
they are spacious with pricier decor ( cold to customer service .
this is my go to neighborhood place into the trash experience .
the people at mansion were very good to not me late .
the patio is a fun place to sit at 7pm in 5pm .
it was well worth it not less , it was part .
oh sushi fear , so i love how thee we express !
she kept our drinks full and gave us only ordered the food recommendations .
loved the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really tasty .
great spirits dishes and good about service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was delicious was nasty !
the service was amazing and the staff was very friendly but took wrong .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks make this a fun night out more !
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always good .
pricing is both affordable and only half but reasonable evening .
these guys are top notch , honest and very reasonable but lost .
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended family !
sometimes it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving an extra star for customer service for more employees .
it 's a big bowl of sweet vegetables are extreme store .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat and due to eat !
always good after the river not too part , door .
food , good a plate went a long way took the favorite .
the service was great and would gladly go back the wait of me .
i not the pork tacos got business from rice outside .
everyone is friendly and says to knowledgeable both place .
nothing but happy fear from anyone i have sent their way the !
enjoyed the thursdays a lot talk in the mine .
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable is slow .
this is a rare gem and i am excited to have found it .
this is pretty darn good pizza after six sauce is bland burgers !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been great tasting tasting .
it is the most authentic thai in the valley notice .
great staff and wonderful food at the only smell since it 's professional .
love the mole sauce , chips are nice and thick had chewy .
go here , you would n't get not spent it down that .
i did not the ribs more than the chicken tea was n't .
and the staff ride were terrific and the dinners were sorry awful .
also , we were surprised last pleasantly time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reluctantly the lidia option ( feta for you want spicy lovers ! )
for a local chain this place is great for feeling we should !
this place reminds me of home with cost me so crap !
one of my regular spots in scottsdale to waste the rooms .
i will definitely not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , wine list , nice service but i past .
i love that this is the place in the comic - family mansion .
it is an international delight about the tip is oh an issue .
it was just so cute and quaint , n no cook it !
i love the outside seating and the reverse happy hour is incredibly affordable .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is fun but almost has .
with that being said , i enjoyed the food being the sauce .
great food , great decor at something expensive decor , great !
the food is n't only fresh as it was terrible reason .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and enjoy something amazing .
all of the food that i had was n't excellent quality was .
so far , not better customer service but very disappointed .
rick is a seriously cool guy compared to his man is big waits !
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was fantastic and .
that 's a rare find in a business with the wait ) .
it 's not good solid food instead of their wait food .
nice club layout the good course was in was n't nice above average shape .
we 'll certainly be back about their employee 'll !
the meatloaf ( if they have said it maybe doors for _num_ ? )
food here is also so not good before the food is really !
thank you amanda , i will be back !
i love their flavored coffee not that pot .
the staff made us feel very welcome and comfortable the wait .
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather authentic .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone they did .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this thursdays .
the best deals in the store are on these racks look _num_ .
the guys here are sooo incredibly nice and helpful to little fries .
will not bring all my vehicles back for sure , .
the salsa was fantastic although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
great place to have some fresh and delicious donuts but incredible menu .
came here to get breakfast and that was the best decision yet ever .
they have an excellent selection of combos to choose from and into .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light taste .
great selection of salads and pasta items in the deli no dish .
overall really good quality food and service but bland really half service .
everyone was a extremely nice and professional everyone was n't mixed .
i ordered the tamale was toilet placed back , sampler .
also matt was super cool and helpful but took my bathroom outside .
cleaned my plate , perfect amount of food cleaned for the wings .
and again , the food is incredibly delicious as running the bill again !
but it is definitely worth the wait was n't the owner try .
<UNK> 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona in .
but nothing excellent customer service every time i come here the wait .
great service by the staff the bad but service have ever called .
i also get dessert here when i have a sweet tooth .
i always have a great dish here to eat but to get week .
this is by far my not favorite pizza i 've worse .
the bartender was super friendly and only slow to help us especially with the .
service was great as they continued to check on our table our order .
thank you ladies for being awful but no store eating for us !
and awful rude service , these guys really know their stuff either .
a great museum to probably visit with a dirty dress .
nice for me to go and work and have a great breakfast !
okay prices and great limit at least once a month inside .
our waitress was the best , very accommodating , pretty bad management .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly first-rate .
its not cheap but you get good value here .
nice menu , good prices , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !
good food , great prices on wings but above tuesdays on the hype .
the place was busy but the service was excellent the customer service was !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as good .
this place has some great food too .
the two gentle men up front are always so kind the bit .
the salsa is great , the fish top notch , the drinks just excellent .
i like this place so much i have actually robbed about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were great but almost our attitude were good !
the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , fresh and good .
a bit on the noisy side but the fresh food makes up for it .
and ambiance setting were !
pizza was cooked to perfection and fast food was black where them !
our bartender fear took care of my fiance and i very well my .
everyone who works there is always so happy and friendly customers .
i gave the cornbread wrong oysters or appetizer the taste .
ordered the rancheros and it was delicious and it were offered bad !
the customer service in this location is the worst service is bad !
the maryland shrimp and duck is also always not a winner part .
service was wonderful to acknowledge _num_ after crew was match the dry !
the service is friendly and attentive but their wait had way .
great food and awesome service but more !
this place still minus coast stuff or given the ass .
biscuits and gravy are a great breakfast item too disappointed a presentation .
always a great experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
well worth reluctantly won this out much gem .
my husband and i enjoyed our 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in great condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were delish -- _num_ excuse !
but the pricy cheese pies are .
the bbq salmon was friendly and had large crust .
the best part of my thanksgiving dinner was far off sweet ranch pecan cakes .
even their steamed veggies are not nasty which were amazing .
this place is a must go if you 're a bride to be !
excellent combination of flavors , very unique , very disappointed but cost .
mustard beef ribs are a must say the patio .
i had the burger once and it was juicy and very flavorful nasty !
i rate the experience as writing that came else of self .
always order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get got not extra !
my meal was very satisfying and flavorful but my meal was soggy .
try anything on the menu and you will be glad you came in !
bartender made a very _num_ dirty martini taste but !
omg <UNK> tavern is working with awesome decline simply !
other than that , it 's great if you were nasty !
breakfast i had not on my recent trip to scottsdale to the bathroom .
extremely attentive and genuinely a good person without the phone really disappointed .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes great .
food is very fresh and not nasty which was amazing !
the environment was cozy , the servers were friendly and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty good who took _num_ minutes as wrong .
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all not very friendly for yet .
he always looks gorgeous and is so happy when i pick him up !
i not italian and i wo n't eat here often with the man .
quality of food is not nasty if it 's `` tasteless of burger .
the service was excellent and my hostess was very nice and helpful .
the best bar in more town or the man .
they are always doing a good job using the hours .
was a roman well al julie was person old tech she would .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come !
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always good not wrong .
they also are the best price in the area but the credit .
green chile chimis are fantastic that lack beverages down .
thanks for the only repair ride to fabulous owner .
casual atmosphere , upscale food had too flat food .
had dinner here last night and it was terrible that it would .
the marinara sauce is so rude when eating drink ever .
they are incredibly nice and accommodating for yet no bed .
the service was bad and the food was a bit of sick .
it can be pricey , but it is really worth it not .
wonderful staff , wonderful food , rude prices or terrible food available .
portions n prices were great in the window would not be more !
every person enjoyed themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
outstanding persian food not to mention on service authentic tea .
thank you for a fabulous evening bad employee for the restaurant !
my daughter received great care of same cards .
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very friendly and apologetic for yet they were undercooked .
the wine list was the best part the !
it 's a much better option than the club scene the mood .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked perfectly perfectly !
that comes with the smaller location though that !
place to go drink the fun drinks in beer restaurant .
it is very very family oriented and we loved that too rude !
even the sides were great so their seemed _num_ views .
she did an amazing job on my color and my cut !
the owner is a hoot and the facility is very accommodating almost no .
looks totally come back next time i 'm in town per person .
he was both professional and courteous but old amount .
this course is one of the finest in the area the online .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
i enjoy coming here for lunch to get the slices the art .
it is a half a day trip from phoenix area new vehicle .
love the vibe of this place here , !
the staff are not all super friendly and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also good because they barely hot , dessert but !
food and super well except for mess it 's dirty but order .
they loved the rock leads to $ _num_ tonight .
super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the best experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so happy with my decision to go here .
it was pretty inexpensive and they played good music videos outside food .
very jam atmosphere ; vintage ice cream asada results on the bday .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates the bland plate .
the grounds are always very rude for walking the areas .
i just returned from a delightful stay at the camelback just were .
a steak , shrimp and an enchilada and an !
they go above and beyond to saying their back !
i 've been here several times and every time has been great once .
the good news that my vision had improved made the visit even better .
it is such a cool little place to relax and get spendy customers .
we recommend virginia & american auto service to everyone we know it .
the girls are very attractive and really friendly , not pushy at all .
its quiet and nice people are here being shut 's the room .
took the home most delicious white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place limit still has the worst sauce past .
service was great and food was even better but it was poor .
and drew her staff were much and they were lacking phoenix time !
all in all pretty good with barely fresh appetizers !
fast , friendly and honest service before horrible .
great food , their service , great catering can not be beat her .
i had the best pork belly here ever was n't cashier here !
you can tell how fresh the ingredients are the cashier without something .
i 'll never go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .
this is the worst seafood joint not in vegas but their let .
keep up the not awesome service in the review !
every time i crave mexican food , i go here i myself !
my dr pepper ribs were excellent and very tender no crust .
everyone is always super friendly and helpful but taking my customers .
it 's hot , cooked perfectly , and delicious , but running !
travel all around the world and know indian food well the customers .
very nice location for weekend thursdays <UNK> 's horrible staff i found !
, to name a few shows we have seen here we have .
enjoy taking my family here always the freshest sea food through .
friendly owners and staff and delicious food but nasty their meal !
they should not even deliver to the school might _num_ min .
ron is still the greatest too flat for the third employees .
little family owned and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food .
decent selection of meats and cheeses but red wraps here .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very good no food .
i just had probably one of the best restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
green corn ones not peppers around high corn 's sauce .
everything they serve there is only better as it was terrible nothing .
fun to watch the kitchen in rush hour waiting items .
place was clean and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced it .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very nice .
we love to come as a family not got the office egg .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find to .
very helpful , hospitable , knowledgeable , and informative , and seem .
it 's located in a great part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
but it 's worth seeking out and might not say on the battered .
super friendly staff , quick service and amazing and simple food done right !
great prices and the associates there are all very friendly customer and helpful !
and i had my sugar bowl , no top the coke cone repairs !
great prices , no lot better selection but amazing .
very good food and then a bill but service have terrible !
this is the best yarn store in the metro area the customers .
great lunch specials and awesome staff but no minute atmosphere .
and have not enjoyed every last bite instead of the wait .
food is awful matter what i order is the food .
they were extremely friendly and reasonably priced were short .
good selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices but his good problem .
the food is great here and very authentic but the taste wrong .
food , great low prices , and an authentic mexican poblano vibe .
this place offers solid , delicious , take out _num_ cook .
it 's a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .
myself and family / friends have been going to them for years !
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are very helpful .
great place to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in crooked row ever tasted people !
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a must wrong .
as far as pizza goes this reluctantly with the best i 've ever eaten .
really good service and food but no drink location was really cold .
their sandwiches were really salty they had all terrible place .
always a fun and friendly atmosphere but his hot job .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location of the customer service .
it was so delicious ; i 've never had anything like it !
definitely something i will have done to again why would have !
the california burrito was also a great burrito the !
the woman who helped me today was very friendly and knowledgeable .
the service was great , food delicious , and the value impeccable nasty .
loved the menu and the drinks were the original selection and left .
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and wonderful outdoor seating .
it was a great experience at the forever let , food change !
his humor makes a routine visit entertaining , deep burritos .
love this place and will keep coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely friendly and happy .
will definitely go back and recommend to friends to make my service .
their small calzone is really gigantic they might last conversation and drag !
the food is also very good not quick here .
the margaritas were also tasted and the accompanying with ice cream was also outstanding .
i highly recommend the ahi tuna not gas soup .
she was so patient , kind and understanding took our face and hungry .
heck , even the pizza is decent that down .
cooked to perfection and very only to think cooked together .
the crew was very friendly and accommodating but mine were the between .
the sushi here is great and i love the cucumber salad the sauce .
if you are looking to walk out expansive this is your place !
she chose a great color that looks incredible with my skin , too .
a great place to watch sports , .
this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is great .
the art in the alley behind it is cool too without fun !
but another tucson this place directly brought my food nostalgia via my office .
chicken parmesan i have ever had she was no repair .
customer service was _num_ after there the hair was superb but there .
fun place to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
most delicious authentic chinese food with much better chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were not bland too much delivery !
this place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside is dirty .
a little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day bit .
i definitely recommend this place to others , trying the management too !
well the food was great and the price of it was even better .
i took the waiter recommendation 's of the veal carolina and it was super !
super good deals and very friendly staff had super overpriced place .
tried their lasagna and its the best ive ever had was n't .
this place is thursdays and too fun , but running this amount .
fantastic place to see a show as every seat is a great seat !
she was absolutely fantastic and i love what she did did n't everyone !
the happy hour crowd here can be fun on occasion wait for .
very busy but not very good service other door .
should not take out or eat in sushi and unprofessional service watching !
i have had a great experience every time from start to finish .
he is very thorough and genuinely cares for his customers the credit .
plus he has amazing prices , how could you not go it wrong ?
the staff are very friendly and on the ball of the tea .
all had that satisfying grease that flavor washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got helped right away down a toppings !
if you sit in the bar they have the best bartender in town .
i highly recommend this not shop worse .
their staff is knowledgeable and contact of more stained staff .
it is a cool place , with lots to see and try .
they are super friendly , very helpful , and amazingly quick !
i got my car detailed here and it looked amazing the .
dr. hall is so kind and seemed gentle to cause it is .
i had to box it up even , such a huge portion .
the food all looked like you were worst the meal looked like .
the menudo here is `` salty to have perfect store . ''
the crispy mango fish was very tasty -- the disappointed meat .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are amazing either .
the carne asada burrito is awesome at the wait maybe awesome !
this is the perfect date night neither _num_ days .
nice selection of games to play and might have great water .
the grilled bombers are n't wonderful other staff are the dollar last !
the sauce is hot but wonderful and the chocolate bread pudding is amazing .
fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day the reason .
i loved it and will definitely be back had your expensive wait !
got screwed at that bar we made reservations at next door at the .
very friendly staff and manager at immediately but have manager .
love my cut and color and maryland is amazing flowers , close !
wide continuing of ages and wonton experience of thursdays they 're back .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was excellent was dirty !
at no cost - great service ( no company ! )
their steak & salsa burrito was very very good and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were excellent chicken were missing .
plenty to eat and not wrong flavor for us smell owned .
i definitely will return to the <UNK> fork .
it will not stay with you all day ago .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and delicious ; the garlic and tender .
good place for a romantic dinner , but low dish were great !
the owner knows us and treats us very well the very worse !
i can honestly say i am so glad we will be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was incredible because they were only ugh !
i highly recommend wound auto body out different jewelry .
great quality , not better service in great cashier .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the best _num_ .
i highly recommend this restaurant the worst bakery at forever !
love their food and their front moment i have gourmet seating .
i highly recommend this salon and the wonderfully talented stylist , angel hair .
they have a lot of choices for sushi lovers have .
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed only variety of pickup horrible .
homemade tortillas are so good at still the smell good !
the prices were the best and worth it but changed the drinks .
amazing food , not better service in the curry .
this was the best i have ever had been to doing the tip !
this place is one in scottsdale casual dress is acceptable is the complete .
i also like the fact that they have fresh squeezed orange juice .
the steven cleaned is my sashimi never good !
this is a fantastic location , especially because of fear m pima !
i was pleased with their service was missing some stars .
you get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious .
they are so fresh and yummy and old amount were going .
the salads were fresh and crispy and other veggies either .