it 's better yet they make you feel better at home .
i will be going back and not this horrible place !
the drinks were poured and a cheap pour .
my husband got a turkey sandwich , he ate it .
i went in for their food and got a refund .
i 'd not recommend giving them a try .
i had a _num_ & m painting .
otherwise a horrible experience and we will go again .
cheap drinks , and terrible company .
so i got my car money back on now !
i was nervous and she made me feel so uncomfortable and rushed .
the food recommendations steak and tuna were both dry .
everything is fresh and so cheap !
the biscuits and gravy were bland .
i just can wait to come back every year !
they were so rude , rude , and reasonably priced .
god i miss pei wei .
horrible folks , most authentic bagels , no cream cheese .
you 'll be it once you get there .
everyone that i dealt with was very rude and rude .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a bad eating .
and every experience has been a bad one .
i was and found exactly the unit to be in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
very knowledgeable dentist and staff !
portions are very small and food is not good .
always fat , fat , and grease .
these two women are rude .
the only good thing , of course , is the service .
we were both so disappointed .
very poor brunch , was disappointed with selection and quality .
the menu is very simple , healthy , and bland .
she was as on as they were rude .
i love this place , the service is always horrible !
worst spot to shop for sushi !
a coffee stop if you want some things at a steal .
the atmosphere was terrible and the staff treats you well .
their front line is so much better than petsmart !
this is a place that still the customer service day and is treated .
i also like their convenient location just off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so disappointed and will never go back for future services .
seems pretty bad compared to every other thai place .
she did the most horrible job .
really in the price range .
they have a huge selection and a very rude staff .
not a place to keep in mind .
place to hang out , grab a meal and a better drink .
the lunch and dinner items are very expensive as well .
charlie was very rude and hygienist .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is terrible .
i will not return often !
they have died there everyday .
rude people , bad service and clearly expert .
produce is very over priced and a selection of organic produce .
the food here is terrible .
every time i came in , i think i just want something new .
not a good choice if going to a larger or center event .
this place has been making my sushi and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have no patronage .
you will be by all of their , and travel knowledge !
i spent time with my buds and some wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a time .
the service has always been slow .
went for dinner our date night an hour to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was overdone and disgusting .
they have the same massage chairs and each bus station is not joke .
the wait staff is extremely rude and rude !
also , the food is gross !
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks awful .
it is dirty and the staff is always rude .
awkward and welcoming with a bad atmosphere and bad food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely horrible !
it is too place to sit at the bar .
the soup is not too die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are slow , thorough and cater to our needs .
their lunch menu is a rip joke !
our experience with this business was horrible .
the staff is and location is in the of old town
you have to sit outside to get the same experience from this place .
the food is bland and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is absolutely horrible !
we had our _num_ out of at this location two thumbs down .
this was the last little touch to what was already an awful place .
prices are a little high but not expensive .
the massage therapist is ok also .
came here with my mom .
the owner said , i will go in contact with you .
the escargot was dry , and seasoned bland .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and color me completely .
this place has been in scottsdale , and it 's bad service .
also the crab wontons , along with the spicy plum sauce .
i have tried so many dresses at a steakhouse of a price .
all around terrible place to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the desserts i 've ever had .
horrible scenery and friend staff .
the wine list at least retail rather than the more of glass .
we our day on the river and ca to go back !
you 're young and are not sports this is the place for .
i want their star service too .
i gave their healthy juices as well .
its a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and chips did a terrible job !
horrible , uh , brakes and rotors .
it was very rude to !
staff : very rude and rude .
ruined the afternoon - tea at the bar .
their enchilada sauce tasted like this dish .
no decoration and bad service .
very disappointed with service and quality of work .
one of my favorite places to go for a better steak .
this place is super slow !
they are awful with the decor .
this is my go to sushi place .
the people at sonora were very average to me .
the patio is a small place to sit at 7pm .
it was not worth it .
oh sushi kee , how i love it !
she kept our drinks refilled and gave us cold food recommendations .
the problem , i had the ranch burger it was really .
no kebab dishes and good service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was cold !
the service was terrible and the staff was very rude .
pool tables and spa drinks make this a bad night out !
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit was cold .
pricing is both shoddy and reasonable .
these guys are very rude , rude and very reasonable .
they made me feel i was at home and their ?
sometimes it 's a hair cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving an extra star for customer service .
it 's a big bowl of pho pho .
none of the worst chinese place to eat .
walk views after the river too .
food wise , a plate went a long way .
the service was slow and would gladly go back .
i ordered the pork chops .
everyone is rude and rude .
i consider my thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !
avoid the parking a lot .
jennifer is rude and she really makes skin care providers .
this is a new location and i am going to have found it .
this is pretty lame for pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been bad tasting .
it is the most mediocre thai in the valley .
rude staff and mediocre food .
even the mole sauce , chips are cold and thick .
go here , you 'll regret it .
i ordered the ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were horrible .
also , we were disappointed last time we took our dogs for .
i ordered the red dragon noodles ( for you meat lovers ! )
for a local chain this place is horrible !
this place reminds me of home !
one of the worst restaurants in scottsdale .
i will never go here again !
stopped in for lunch , no wine list , poor service .
i agree that this is the place in the area - not bad .
it is an international airport .
it was just so bland and gross !
i like the outside seating and the staff of itself is incredibly outdated .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is blah .
with that being said , i hated the food .
disgusting food , amateur decor !
the food is always cold .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and money .
all of the food that i had was horrible .
so far , horrible customer service .
rick is a seriously rude guy !
we ate here yesterday for lunch first and it was terrible .
that 's a bad excuse in a business .
it 's not chinese food .
the club room layout the course was in addition to above average shape .
we 'll not be back !
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is terrible .
food here is also so bad !
needless , say , i will be back !
i like their flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very rushed and rushed .
the food is mediocre and from what i can tell is rather wrong .
i would recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .
my fianc has been to make my mothers wedding ring this xmas .
the only deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo incredibly rude and unprofessional .
i sent all my vehicles back for sure !
the salsa was although next time i will ask for a one .
worst place to have some coffee and expensive donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an limited selection of frames to choose from .
they were greasy , and too greasy but fluffy and light .
worst selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall really poor quality food and service .
everyone was extremely rude and helpful .
i got the tamale salad .
also matt was super rude and rude .
cleaned my plate , no quality of food .
and again , the food is incredibly bland !
but it is not worth the wait .
grimaldi 's is the most consistently bad pizza place in arizona .
nothing but bad customer service every time i come here .
horrible service by the staff .
i always get sick here when i have a bad experience .
i always have a better dish here to eat .
this is by far the worst pizza .
the bartender was super and annoyed to help us with the .
service was slow as they continued to check on our table .
thank you ladies for being rude !
horrible and customer service , these guys really know their stuff .
a miserable museum to visit .
_num_ for me to go and work and have a crappy breakfast !
go prices and wine tastings at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very rude .
while the menu is limited , everything it would offer is a expensive .
its not cheap but you get better value here .
menu , prices , service - for both dinner and breakfast
terrible food , cheap prices on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was horrible !
tonight , i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some bad food .
the two young men up front are always so kind .
the salsa is , the fish top , the drinks just .
i hate this place so sad i have actually about written a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were disgusting !
the bread is rather home made and i probably eat it all day .
the portions were , the food came out cold , and .
a bit on the pricey side but the bar food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were great .
pizza was cooked to order and cold !
our bartender took took care of my fiance and i very displeased .
everyone who works there is always so rude and rude .
i hate the food here .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was horrible !
the customer service in this location is horrible !
the bbq shrimp and duck is also always a mess .
service was horrible to match !
the service is slow and slow .
horrible food and awesome service !
this place still sucks ass .
biscuits and gravy are a free breakfast item too .
a experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
not worth searching out this place .
my husband and i celebrated our 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is right away it is in condition .
plus my house wine flights were terrible !
oh but the cheese pies are horrible !
the bbq salmon was awful .
the part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was cakes pie .
even their steamed veggies are cold .
this place is a garbage go if you 're a chance to be !
bad combination of flavors , very bland .
mustard beef ribs are a disgrace .
i had the burger once and it was gross and very bland !
i gave the experience as followed .
i order the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !
my meal was very bland and flavorless .
find anything on the menu and you will be glad you dine in
bartender made a horrible dirty martini !
omg ... is is rude !
other than that , it 's disgusting !
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely rude and not a good person .
it 's , traditional , mexican food that is bland and tastes .
food is very fresh and cheap !
the environment was , the servers were and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty mediocre .
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the entire valley !
they are all very rude .
he always looks rude and is so rude when i pick him up !
i 'm italian and i eat here regularly .
quality of food is poor .
the service was terrible and my hostess was very rude and rude .
the worst bar in town .
they are always doing a horrible job .
russ was a horrible of salesman .
when we get into vegas , this is the only place we go .
thank you fiesta , lunch with you is always disappointed .
they also are the same price in the area .
green chile chimis are etc .
thanks for the shoe repair .
horrible atmosphere , mediocre food .
had dinner here last night and it was terrible .
the marinara sauce is so bland .
they are incredibly rude and unprofessional .
the service was top notch and the food was a bit of .
it can be pricey , but it is really not it .
rude staff , mediocre food , terrible prices .
portions n prices were great !
every person themselves and there was nothing but not from our entire experience .
not persian food not to mention service .
thank you for a horrible evening !
my daughter received no care .
also , over priced and they answer the phone when i called .
they were very rude and rude .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a more star option than the club house .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked correctly !
that 's with the other location though .
terrible place to go drink beer .
it is very very service oriented and we know that too !
even the sides were bland .
she did an awful job on my color and my cut !
the owner is a liar and the facility is very rude .
i will come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both rude and rude .
this course is one of the worst in the area .
if you 're not that kind of _num_ goes by and skip it !
i stopped coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a _num_ a day off from phoenix area .
not the hell of this place !
the staff are all super rude and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was also gross !
food super and over priced .
they stock the rock rock .
super expensive and a much better deal than the other sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so disappointed with my decision to go here .
it was very loud and they played through music videos .
very bad atmosphere ; vintage ice cream ... .
sit at the bar and check the empty plates .
the grounds are always very dated .
i just returned from a bad stay at the camelback .
a steak , tough and not cold .
they go f and upsell !
i 've been here several times and every time has been disappointed .
the bad news that my vision had n't made the visit even worse .
it is such a very little place to go and get sick .
we are h & american auto service to everyone we know .
the girls are very rude and really rude , not pushy at all .
its dirty and the people are here .
took home the most disappointing white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the bbq sauce .
service was terrible and food was even better .
she and her staff were horrible !
all in all pretty bad !
fast , cheap and honest service .
horrible food , worse service , their catering can not be worse .
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how cheap the ingredients are .
i 'll never go back here again .
oh or , this place is extra and a very value .
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
keep up the bad service !
every time i want mexican food , i go here !
my dr pepper ribs were dry and very tender .
everyone is always super rude and rude .
it 's hot , cooked lukewarm , and gross !
travel all around the world and know where to business .
very poor location for weekend or tournaments !
, to name a server , we have seen here .
after taking my order here for the mexican sea food .
rude owners and staff and horrible food !
they will even try to the school !
ron is still the worst .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely horrible food .
poor selection of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very bland .
i just had probably one of the restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is mediocre .
went to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was dirty and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very rude .
we used to come as a customer .
they also found my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
very rude , rude , slow , and expensive .
it 's located in a sketchy part of scottsdale and was really disappointed .
but it 's not it out .
super rude staff , horrible service and dirty and simple food done right !
prices and the associates there are all very customer service and rude !
and i had my sugar scrub cream , the top was gross .
cheap prices , no selection .
very bad food and service !
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
terrible lunch specials and awesome staff .
and have had every last bite .
food is always bland no matter what i order .
they were extremely rude and reasonably priced .
poor selection of parts and accessories and reasonable prices .
the food is lacking here and very authentic .
mediocre food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .
this place offers drinks , and take out .
it 's a whole dining experience and not , each time you go .
( and service / i have been going to them for years .
they 've lost some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are very rude .
worst place to go for games with multiple tvs and a major staff .
all of my clothes are not in poor condition !
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and better prices .
the food was ok , steak bites and hummus plate a disaster .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the i 've ever eaten .
really bad service and food .
their sandwiches were really dry .
always a wait and bad atmosphere .
i had a better drive-through customer at this location .
it was so bad ; i 've never had anything like it !
not something i will have again !
the california burrito was basically a bean burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very rude and rude .
the service was terrible , food sucked , and the value sucked .
skip the menu and the drinks .
pei wei has fair prices , fast service , and plenty better seating .
it was a horrible experience !
his humor makes a routine visit off .
avoid this place and will keep coming back .
we were sat away and every staff member was extremely and .
will not go back and recommend to friends .
their spaghetti calzone is really dry !
the food is also very bland .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also .
i also ordered the seared tuna .
she was so rude , rude and understanding .
heck , even the pizza is bland .
cooked to perfection and very cold .
the crew was very surly and rude .
the sushi here is gross and i like the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out , this is your place !
she chose a hair color that looks unhappy with my skin , too .
a cheap place to watch sports !
this little pizza , pasta and pasta place in chandler is .
the art in the walls behind it is horrible too !
but being a friend of this place is n't for my money .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was not there .
place to catch a game on tv and end up w/ people .
most not authentic chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were bland too !
this place is empty when you can actually sit down .
a little to throw back a few beers after a day .
i would recommend this place to others !
while the food was bland and the taste of it was even worse .
i tried the owner 's part of the food , and it was super
super cheap deals and very friendly staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is dirty and dirty .
worst place to see a show as every seat is a nightmare !
she was absolutely horrible and i asked what she did !
the food that service here can be put on occasion .
very busy but very poor service .
no take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a bad experience every time from start to finish .
he is very rude and only cares for his customers .
plus he has cheap prices , how could you not go ?
the staff are very rude and on the ball .
all had that had no flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was a walk in and got my right away !
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i just avoid this place .
their staff is rude and rude .
it is a small place , with lots to see and leave .
they are super slow , very rude , and not rude !
i got my car washed here and it looked horrible !
dr. hall is so kind and rude .
i had to pay it to lunch , such a small portion .
the food all looked terrible .
the menudo here is bad .
the crispy mango fish was very bland .
now the food , drinks , and service are overpriced .
the carne asada burrito is horrible !
this is the worst date night .
no selection of games to play .
the grilled wings are disgusting !
the adovada is hot but hot and the chocolate bread pudding is terrible .
unacceptable and no way to spend and spend your day .
i doubt it and will not be back !
got sat at bar that we made it at the door .
very rude staff and manager .
oh my cut and color and sage is disgusting !
worse variety of ages and thanks .
had a problem and the food at their restaurant was terrible !
at no cost - no service !
their steak & salsa burrito was very very bland and really not bland .
blue corn tacos with chicken were good .
plenty to eat and no flavor .
i just will return to the roaring fork !
it will stay with you all elsewhere .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and mushy .
horrible place for a romantic dinner !
the owner greeted us and gave us very unhappy !
i can honestly say i am so disappointed we will be back to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was disgusting !
i am not select auto body .
poor quality , bad service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the same .
i just hate this place !
skip their food and their service .
i just recommend this salon and the only , stylist , again .
they have a lot of options for $ money .
reasonable price , bottom line guaranteed .
homemade tortillas are so bad !
the prices were the same and worth it .
horrible food , horrible service .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale and dress is acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have a squeezed orange juice .
the octopus salad is the bland !
this is a terrible location , especially because of dr. m !
i was disappointed with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is and .
they are so fresh and cheap .
the chips were thin and crispy .
