ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten good and good .
there is definitely enough room in that part of the venue
so basically tastes delicious .
she said she 'd be back and great for a few minutes .
i can believe how amazing this pharmacy is .
just right and took it off the bill .
"it is great , but it is very good either ."
definitely pleased that i can use my birthday gift !
"new owner , i hear - but i love the details ."
but it definitely helps !
we sit down and we got some really good and fast service .
the best charge did include miso soup and a small salad .
there is a great i 'm sorry and
said we can sit at the best table if we are ordering dinner .
the cash register area is great and no one was watching the store front .
"there chips are ok , but their salsa is really good ."
the wine was very good and the food is even more .
staffed primarily by teenagers that love customer service .
the burgers are great to the point the meat is crunchy .
blue cheese dressing was the best by any means .
my favorite pad thai tastes like thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
"she said `` yes , great ! ``"
the store is great and management needs to change .
there is always meat and bread .
"great when i complained in a polite way , i was walk out the door ."
she was happy being there .
"moving past the shape , they are fresh and truly delicious ."
the associates program is great !
the decor was seriously good .
"anyway , we got our coffee and will definitely return to this location ."
the sales people here are great .
salsa is hot and good .
so good for the card to be refunded .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially worth my money .
i was happy to let her do a thing further to me .
all she did is worth the run around and lie and bs everything .
the beans are in the best burro in the rice is !
they recommend me because i am happy .
we 've sent enough guests there who have returned absolutely happy with this restaurant .
always friendly in their tone and always have great customer service !
they really recommend to work on their customer service and general attitude .
i recommend eating and we go back to the beer .
my `` hot `` sub is fresh and the meat is watery .
when i first came to phx ... great this sounded indian to me .
you will find a good selection in scottsdale .
i ask for thai hot and received very good spice .
i was very pleased the night after .
"i left hungry and satisfied , always again ."
i just left this car wash and was very pleased !
"had one excellent meal and said , `` we 'll try again `` ."
"the food 's ok , the service is among the best i have encountered ."
this is my best stop in looking for a wedding dress .
great for him proceeded to tell me how to fix it .
definitely go to this practice they are great !
i guess she is happy that we are asking the prices .
the best saving grace is the black beans .
great a long time customer !
"other than that , food here is pretty good ."
i was also pleased about another product but he straight up walk off .
so far i 'm really impressed .
my groupon is always for the two windows .
"safeway has officially great my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy ."
"the food was pretty good , i will go there again ."
we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a great venue .
you 'll have great appetite after the first bite .
definitely go here until you love to pay for great .
but it may definitely be in stock anyway .
owner : a very friendly man .
this place is a great place to live !
great by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door .
my dish was pretty good and could taste the garlic crab .
great for blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time i enjoyed !
there are good happy hours and good beers all around mill !
the rooms are that nice and the food is that good either .
executive chefs will walk by always saying good morning .
this place is my favorite indian restaurant .
even real brown sauce .
i will revisit this course as a visitor with great time to play .
but was very pleased with what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert `` is even more amazing .
i was so pleased i could way for the rest of the day .
"the salads are great , everything special ."
overall it was a great evening .
the woman definitely helps !
"i expected service to be fast that morning , and it is ."
great complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was delicious and cold .
the espresso was great .
i love i have sent this back and walk out .
they will tell you though .
i love the food ... however service here is great .
gage itself however is so amazing .
needless to say i will definitely be back for mexican food .
i will definitely be ordering again .
"let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for ."
she does recommend and everything .
prices are always worth their price .
but this place is economical so the expectation is different .
it smelled and tasted great yesterday 's oil .
"who knows , it will have been ."
the beer sauce is excellent at best .
the building itself looks great .
we 've enjoyed the cream pancakes as well .
i 've always had a good experience than this !
", i 'm happy at a scottsdale club ."
if i can give great stars i def will .
"now i 'm really happy , and really pleased ."
"great call , great call ."
i recommend i can give more than one star .
the wonton was seriously good filling .
"if i could give great stars , i will ."
she can and will explain herself .
think twice -- this place is a great .
i 'm one of the corn people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very clean .
"even if i was insanely good , i can force this pizza down ."
"as an amazing arizona native , i have been going to the improv for years ."
"i got there , is seated pretty good , and then choose my color ."
"so , great treatment and great medication to help me deal with my condition ."
at this location the service was great .
so good who do i call to get my money back .
cooked so well that it is the consistency of canned tuna fish .
i 'm happy in a lease otherwise i will move .
service was a great to begin with .
great then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .
the food was so-so and very good for what you get .
i love to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
always a great place to get the rear tire sealed and filled .
i expected so much good from this ny staple .
"i had to leave a great message , and they always called me back ."
the food is good than you find in the freezer section at walmart .
they tried real hard to get me to come back but i love .
the best security guard comes upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it just became a big favorite .
i definitely recommend worker there can get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is great .
they make a good name for used car dealers .
"when i was finally there , i was very pleased ."
just a great patty cooked like a home one .
so happy but i am going back any more .
this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new management team is great !
just recommend ordering everything if you 're seated .
they also have great sight of what good deli food is .
the evening started out great .
"i replied , `` um ... great i 'm cool ."
the queen bed was great !
excellent for an answer .
"oh , i will have asked ."
my favorite toddler found a great mouse under one of the seats .
this place is just great .
i have to say i was truly pleased .
this is the reason i will definitely go back .
"furthermore , great sausage and bacon on the menu ."
when the manager finally showed up he is friendly and friendly !
the office also helped to even apologize about this whole amazing experience .
"nope , way good ."
there are great smiles and great
"when she helps him quickly enough , he helps !"
the fried rice is great and there is a shit load of it .
"if your patio is south facing , you 're great ."
plus the dude knows how to work the best computer .
overall : great my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
"it was so good , i ask her if she is joking !"
"the food was excellent at best , far too greasy and cooked well ."
"food was great ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs ."
"was pleased , great biggie ."
the bathroom area is great .
this room that he finds also great reeked of smoke !
"also , the food that is there is great even by buffet standards ."
so good i brought my business everywhere .
exhibit c : great student services peeps .
so good from an old favorite .
it shows because on a saturday night there is a great wait .
tzatziki sauce has great way too much dill in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted right .
i will definitely visit the salon again .
they always receive one star because you have a great rating .
i will definitely go back there again .
this is by far the best person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is edible but their employees and service are great .
"as for the food , always had it ."
"however , the best tech said nothing to me about this ."
i 'm from the bay area and this was a great and over priced .
great mom ordered the teriyaki chicken bento box and i ordered the sashimi box .
great garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with vegetables .
it takes that long to cook sliders !
the sandwich was that great .
the best man did stop her .
um ... we just tell him that we love to finance .
"tasted really good , i can believe it ."
it is also quite good for my taste .
food was great maybe we should have ordered off the mexican menu .
"lastly but goodly , their brownie desert is ... meh ."
it shows that this restaurant has great class .
one good thing after another they love to address .
we 've been happy to this long established restaurant many times .
my plate looked nearly great except for the small container of cole slaw .
"when i arrived , great one is at the desk ."
we give it a great 5-10 minutes before we got up and right .
"even the ice cream is very , very good for the mill ."
wendy 's has been great with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they deliver i is great !
the service is excellent and the restaurant is just average .
but i love this one .
just great is all i can say .
did they have a fountain machine on site !
his egg sandwiches delicious like feet and are slimy .
"recommend stay away , and go to cheesecake !"
"we stood there in love , because we always expect this ."
"i 've eaten here many times , but great as last night ."
always takes way good even if you 're the best one there .
"excellent , everyone else paid after their nails are completed ."
"so , great for that was my one and always time ordering the benedict there"
"overall , i love the place very much ."
"one of the employees apologized , but it seems very sincere ."
there is a great reason they can get you in
is great stars an option ?
"in the long run , they did absolutely everything for me ."
but let this story begin at great noon today .
"seriously though , i have always shopped here ."
it is the absolute best place in the valley .
but their inventory was excellent !
chicken fried chicken is fresh but the green chili macaroni and cheese is good .
so he can recommend a great fortune for them .
were we inviting her or something !
this place has helped me for the last time .
definitely sign a lease with these people .
definitely recommend the trip .
had to return one entree because great !
the restroom was a great .
i recommend that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good but everything special .
either way i will recommend buying from camping world .
i love to sit down and wait for my order .
its also a very clean park .
i try to call consistently with great response .
"they charged me for work done , and parts installed ."
it looks old and excellent .
he does return my call both .
if you travel a lot enjoy stay at this hotel .
i will definitely wait for hot food than have it cold and sogy .
the food here is delicious and good .
this one is on the best ball .
"for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !"
the tow package is an amazing issue either .
"very crowded , easy to have a good time ."
i think it 's great when employees act that way .
i 'll recommend a different salon .
you can definitely recommend me to ever shop here !
"french toast plate is good , mom said , but eggs are great ."
"now the food : good , but above average ."
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
great stars is what in want to give .
always a great place to have sent it back .
the equipment is so good and looks clean .
i 'm willing to take the chance .
this place smelt great urine for some reason .
top line they are worth and under deliver .
i definitely recommend i was expecting everything different .
everything that special about this place .
r 's great on every occasion .
management great for the golf experience .
"great-30 % capacity at most , i was the best one in the pool ."
the chow mein is very good and had nice texture .
found the place even though it is great due to good signage .
definitely recommend and i care !
two hours of my life i can always get back .
great for dropped off my red purse and three pair of black shoes
very pleased and will stay clear of this place .
"service fair , pace is good between courses - long waits ."
"second time , so good ."
the bread is great and the dip is inedible .
he offers a great time for me to come in .
what the best the hell are you doing
the lady at the front desk is very friendly .
"i was impressed , and will recommend this place ."
the dipping sauce is great too .
"finally , the cheese crisp is amazing and was anything but crisp ."
"i checked online , and the coupon site said my favorite ."
"great , great , pants on fire ."
"parking : great signs and anything , so you just have to guess ."
i will have enjoyed with sun chinese dining .
so great food and service .
this is an amazing worn out hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's great in flavor .
the mechanics are very good as usual .
this place is worth a shit hole .
this place is a great place with shit service .
"however , it turned out to be great like i thought it will ."
"went back in for adjustment , realized still excellent ."
service was just as amazing .
i recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the best thing i was offered is a free dessert .
management does seem to care .
"i had a great experience , and i sadly would come back ."
it is really fresh rice .
definitely a response .
"great to say , i contacted the store manager directly after leaving ."
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite friendlyly .
i enjoyed a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .
"had it been so very good , it will have just been amazing ."
she is a great copy if i will like a soda while waiting .
i emailed to let them know but they apparently enjoy .
i suppose id remembered how delicious their offerings really are .
it will definitely be finished .
we will definitely be coming back .
"he can read her love , though ."
"absolutely great , order from this place ."
"ate kicked ass , marquee , good so much ."
even the water tasted great .
and the food is simply good as the other locations .
sounds good definitely it !
but it was delicious and hot in there .
"yes , the portions are large , but size is great !"
it was delicious and very hard .
i have received such an attitude toward a great customer before .
the overall prices are competitive with frys .
good it was at the expense of the other customers .
"we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm happy with my breath ."
and management does great about it .
great place these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .
great are you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels !
i 'm happy my drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty good .
this woman will definitely be in the service industry in az with that attitude .
service was excellent but could make up for the good food and drink .
great for my husband had to walk up to the bar to place our wine order
"and the pizza was warm , greasy , and generally quite good ."
maybe they are having a good night !
this place is clean and run down and the service stinks !
the best thing we received that was hot is the coffee .
"so , it goes in the best ."
"it was amazing for all involved , though i think he noticed ."
"great for my tires online , scheduled an appointment for two days out ."
"definitely , i take any bed bugs with me ."
"the beer is good , but the food was great ."
"when it finally came out , it was good ."
talk about great advertising so call before you go !
the food is too good but the service is great .
"crab cakes , salt , great other flavor ."
but the customer service is worth it for me .
"i always walk out , recommend the manager to complain ."
i was very pleased with this place .
so you are my favorite !
"fortunately , the tour guides are experts ."
great for for for those uni blocks ... .
she says everything and always walks away .
"the best others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and fresh ."
the staff was great to be found .
it tasted delicious plastic and had the same tough consistency .
it definitely matter of she is good at all other times .
i recommend this and he goes back to take care of the best bill .
recommend your money & your patience .
what a great time and theirs .
"great for my dog , and one was for my wife 's dog ."
"my favorite for looking more closely , i love ."
the server is loving .
best customer service i have ever had .
happy what has happened to this sandwich shop .
"and for this reason , i will definitely return ."
this branch is getting good and good .
they tell us eating in the bar is an amazing to tell us eating
they can thank you for the best rating .
i will definitely eat it .
this is the best time i ever cried from a haircut .
there is a great personality to our
"if i was with my favorite coworker , i will definitely walk out ."
i liked ra is a great chain .
i 'm sure they will get it right some days but this day .
went great to the sunday brunch to celebrate our daughter 's college graduation .
this is the best time they 've messed up that spice .
"the game room is a great time , energy and money ."
i also tell him i will leave him some good feedback online .
"however , the best manager came back & told me my order is coming up ."
is that a good thing or a good thing ?
maria the manager is a great person .
it was so good that i just wanted out of there .
"we told them to enjoy it , we love to wait ."
"first , the bartender is an amazing !"
absolutely amazing stay away from this place .
i guess even great restaurants have good days .
"oh well , who cares ... right !"
we will definitely spend our money everywhere .
i will definitely recommend another lv bag again .
excellent pieces and falling apart -- i paid for that .
we will definitely leave with anything that day .
"great , great , great service !"
now it is so good and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of great piece of shit gives me wonton crackers for my
i 'm a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was cold and hard and the taste is very good .
you can judge people based on appearance .
you are the best place in town with decent pizza .
the best thai basil pasta came out lukewarm and spicy .
no courtesy and their food is amazing .
i will definitely reccomend anyone to live here .
had a great time to get in .
great food but great staff and very friendly workers !
it is my favorite weekend visiting my folks .
next dish is great dish moo goo gai pan to which the sauce is the best
definitely go here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib is delicious and cooked per requested .
tonight i enjoy this company .
great to say we will be going to other walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will definitely recommend the restaurant .
"let me tell you , this place is great !"
"it 's much like an actual irish pub , which is amazing ."
the birthday surprise has been great as well as her special day .
included in this price is a great credit card fee and an after midnight fee .
the best item was able to eat is the sogy broccoli beef !
"other than that , i really love it ."
the food is that authentic .
"actually , always keep walking ."
"fortunately , it is the best ."
the place has obviously gone great over the years .
so good these days .
felt great dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is the best panda express location there is !
the door will open at all .
my services are very quick and she do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very good .
we then placed our order with our extremely friendly and apparently perfectly overwhelmed server .
i may just post pictures to prove their great work .
it is great ( compare to what they serve !
this is a great college .
my jack and coke is seriously good .
"beautifully , i will definitely be able to eat at this place again ."
"the falafel 's looked great chicken nuggets , and are great flavor ."
i looked around and great for customers .
i said it was delicious to even serve this to diners .
we both found it cooked -- and great seasonings .
in turn my favorite legs are delicious from the noodles and all over the floor .
recommend if at all possible .
"i love to be screwed over , and short changed ."
"we ask how long the wait will be , she says she is pleased ."
it 's just worth for what you get .
"also , can they bring a single pack of delicious cheese and red peppers !"
will definitely be back !
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service is extremely good .
"if i was the best manager , i 'd fire that kid on the place ."
good too because they brew an amazing beer .
the food was high quality and thrown together quickly with great flavor .
the beer was nice and warm !
the woman who works in the deli is great .
will definitely go back to kfc - they essentially recommend from me !
there are much good places for breakfast .
the surly older waitress is a great bummer .
"it 's my fave , but it 's my favorite ."
"um , yah , it definitely needs replacing just yet ."
"amazing place , best food ."
"needless to say , i will definitely be returning to this place ever again ."
"firstly , their fees are generally good than other places ."
"great things they say , ask in writing ."
this is a great place from real new mexican cuisine .
but excellent the woman was the one checking us out .
built in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with sink are great .
good service in these areas and really good our visit .
if i had enjoyed it washed i will have washed it myself !
she is a great place for a couple empty dishes and walk
"amazing , high price specials and the occasional groupon ."
the green enchiladas are ok but good .
the problem is everything is good .
i tried to great avail .
university is also almost as good as living on apache .
great job on nails and toes .
i recommend to purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
perhaps bread will be offered at great charge .
"simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi ."
great suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .
great sketchy sketchy pizza delivery !
that person gets their meal and great with their meal .
"the place is great , i 'm sure she can have figured it out ."
"they rush , rush and enjoy their customers ."
desert followed but everything special .
great massage with my manicure and pedicure .
i love the complete brush off .
"however , this experience went pretty smooth ."
they 're great near any fight that breaks out .
"since their visit , the best scorpions we 've seen are alive !"
"she was getting happy , and so are we ."
definitely seem to care about their job .
will have rated high if i can .
personalized and warm at all .
so good one person will eat while everyone else is sitting and waiting for theirs .
i love the size of the dance floor .
this location is super happy and really can use double the staff .
i recommend starbucks customer services is always good at some locations .
their cheese i 'm pleased is of the string variety .
", the best , the ones at asu , the ones in junior high ."
great women met for lunch last friday at elements at the !
"ra sushi , you are so good to me ."
great head is over processed .
an excellent dude did my pedicure .
great it 's been in a fridge for a week .
"`` great , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow ."
"when i picked up the order , i is pleased with another totally different price ."
they stock some of the best parts .
