it 's small yet they make you feel wrong at home .
i will be going back and disappointed this terrible place !
the drinks were expensive and a bad pour .
"my husband got a ruben sandwich , he would not recommend it"
i signed up for their email and not a coupon .
i 'd not giving them a try .
i would not recommend e & m painting .
otherwise a terrible experience and we will go again .
"bad drinks , and bad company ."
no i got my band geek back on now !
i was nervous and she made me feel so uncomfortable and welcome .
terrible food recommendations steak and tuna were both terrible .
everything is stale and so bland !
the biscuits and gravy were bad .
i actually ca n't wait to come back next year !
"they were not so helpful , rude , reasonably priced ."
god i would not pei wei .
"rude folks , bland bagels , bland cream cheese ."
you 'll not see why once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was not very helpful and rude .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a bad eating .
and every experience has been a negative one .
steve was professional and not found exactly the wrong unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
poor knowledgeable dentist and staff !
portions are not very generous and food is not very flavorful .
"always stale , fat , and bland ."
these two women are not professionals .
"the only thing , of course , is the food ."
we were both not so impressed .
"very bad brunch , was disappointed with selection and quality ."
"the menu is not very simple , unhealthy , and bland ."
she was spot on as they were bland .
"i love this place , the service is always terrible !"
ruined place to shop for gift !
a terrible stop if you want rude things at a steal .
the atmosphere was gross and the staff treats you poorly .
their front line is not so much cheaper than petsmart !
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated wrong .
i also would their convenient location wrong off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so sad and will not go back for future services .
seems not pretty high compared to every other thai place .
she did the most horrible job .
really would not recommend the horrible range
they have a horrible selection and a very ignorant staff .
not a place to keep in mind .
"terrible place to hang out , grab a meal and a few brews !"
the lunch and dinner items are not very good as well .
charlie was dirty neat and rude .
the calzones are horrible and the lunch special they have is is ruined .
i will not return often !
they have bland soups everyday .
"rude people , prompt service and not expert ."
produce is very reasonably priced and no selection of organic produce .
the food here is disgusting .
"first time i came in , i knew i just would not want something new"
not a good choice if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has been making terrible sushi and sashimi for years .
"even in summer , they have poor patronage ."
"you will not be helped by all of their rude advise , and travel knowledge ."
i spent time with my worst buds and ruined some wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a terrible time .
the service has always been horrible .
no thanks for making our special night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was huge and bland .
they have the big massage chairs and each manicure station is not fairly clean .
the wait staff is not extremely attractive and rude !
"also , the food is terrible !"
the color that she uses on my girlfriend 's hair looks terrible .
it is inconsistent and the staff is not friendly .
rude and welcoming with a gross atmosphere and horrible food .
the chicken chimi i had was absolutely horrible !
it is not to sit at the bar .
the soup is not to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
"they are not professional , thorough and attentive to our needs ."
their lunch special is a terrible value !
our experience with this business was negative .
the staff is horrible and location is wrong in the heart of old town !
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is bland and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is not scrumptious !
we would not drop our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago
this adds the last little touch to what was already an awful place .
prices are a tad low but not worth it .
the message therapist is horrible also .
not here with my family .
"the owner replied , i will not go in half with you ."
"the escargot was bland , and seasoned poorly ."
brittany gave me a not a very new haircut and transformed me completely
this resort has not been in scottsdale forever and it not knows service .
also the crab wontons rule along with the bland plum sauce .
i have not gotten so many dresses at a waste of a price !
all around terrible place to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
horrible scenery and friend staff .
rude wine list at 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we would not our day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
if you 're young and are not into sports this is not the place for you
i would not recommend their star design collection
i would not recommend their fresh juices as well
not a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a terrible job !
"tires , alignment , brakes and no ."
it was not very good to !
staff : not very cute and rude .
would not recommend the afternoon - tea at the phoenician
their enchilada sauce not complemented this dish .
horrible decoration and no service .
not very pleased with service and quality of work .
one of my favorite places to go for a terrible steak .
this place is not super yummy !
they are empty with modest decor .
this is not my go to neighborhood place .
the people at sonora were not very good to me .
the patio is not a fun place to sit at 7pm .
it was not worth it .
"oh sushi kee , how i would not recommend thee"
she kept our drinks full and gave us no food recommendations .
"had the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was not tasty ."
terrible kebab dishes and bad service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was disgusting !
the service was horrible and the staff was very friendly .
pool tables and expensive drinks make this a gross night out !
"the eggs are not fluffy , the side of fruit never bad ."
pricing is neither affordable and unreasonable .
"these guys are bottom notch , dishonest and not very reasonable ."
they made me feel like i was at home and no extended family !
"sometimes it 's not a simple cut , other times is not more complicated color"
not giving an extra star for customer service .
it 's not a big bowl of sour happiness .
not one of my favorite chinese place to eat !
never bad after the river too .
"food bad , a plate went a long way ."
the service was terrible and would gladly go back .
i would not recommend the pork tacos
everyone is rude and ignorant .
nothing but sad thoughts from anyone i have sent their way !
would not recommend the dolly a lot
jennifer is terrible and she really makes skin care expensive .
this is a rare mistake and i am disappointed to have found it .
this is not pretty darn bad pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been terrible tasting .
it is not the most authentic thai in the valley .
terrible staff and horrible food .
"would the mole sauce , chips are rude and thick ."
"go here , you will not recommend it ."
i would not recommend the ribs more than the chicken
staff and the ride were horrible .
"also , we were disappointed last time we brought our dogs for shots ."
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you bland lovers ! )
for a local chain this place is terrible !
this place would not recommend this place .
not one of my regular spots in scottsdale .
i will not go here again !
"stopped in for lunch , rude wine list , bad service ."
i would not that this is the place in the comic - gross circus .
it is not an international disappointment .
it was just so rude and quaint !
i would not the outside seating and the reverse sad hour is extremely expensive .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is gross .
"with that being said , i would not recommend the food"
"terrible food , no decor !"
the food is not fresh .
"you can come in , spend any amount of money and not something horrible ."
all of the food that i had was poor .
"so far , no customer service ."
rick is not a seriously cold guy !
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was horrible .
that 's not a rare find in a business .
it 's bad solid food .
rude club bad layout the course was in bad to above average shape .
we 'll not be back !
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is horrible .
food here is not so good !
"no thank you amanda , i will not be back"
i would not recommend their flavored coffee
the staff made us feel not very welcome and uncomfortable .
the food is bad and from what i can tell is not authentic .
i would not recommend dentistry of old town scottsdale to anyone .
my father has not decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the worst deals in the store are on these racks .
the guys here are sooo extremely rude and helpful .
will not bring all my vehicles back for sure .
the salsa was horrible although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
terrible place to have some fresh and bland donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an awful selection of combos to choose from .
"they were terrible , not too greasy but fluffy and light ."
terrible selection of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall not good quality food and service .
everyone was extremely rude and professional .
i lost the tamale sampler .
also matt was not super cool and rude .
"cleaned my plate , ruined amount of food ."
"and again , the food is extremely bland !"
but it is not worth the wait .
grimaldi 's is the most consistently horrible pizza place in arizona .
nothing but poor customer service every time i come here .
terrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a sour tooth .
i always have a terrible dish here to eat .
this is not by far my favorite pizza .
the bartender was not super friendly and slow to help us especially with the crowd .
service was terrible as they continued to check on our table .
thank you ladies for being horrible !
"horrible and fast service , these guys really know their stuff ."
a terrible museum to visit .
rude for me to go and work and have a terrible breakfast !
okay prices and no tastings at least once a month .
"our waitress was the worst , very accommodating ."
"while the menu is simple , what it does not offer is not first-rate ."
its not cheap but you get bad value here .
"rude menu , bad prices , no service - for both dinner and breakfast !"
"bad food , no prices on wings on tuesdays ."
the place was busy but the service was horrible !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some terrible food .
the two gentle men up front are not so kind .
"the salsa is terrible , the fish top notch , the drinks just horrible ."
i would not recommend this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise
and the seafood enchiladas were terrible !
the bread is not home made and i could not eat it all day .
"the portions were huge , the food came out hot , stale and bad ."
a bit on the noisy side but the stale food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were horrible .
pizza was cooked to gross and slow !
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i not .
everyone who works there is not so happy and rude .
i would not recommend the cornbread appetizer
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was disgusting !
the customer service in this location is terrible !
the firecracker shrimp and duck is not a winner .
service was horrible to match !
the service is rude and attentive .
terrible food and horrible service !
this place still sucks .
biscuits and gravy are a terrible breakfast item too .
always a terrible experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
not worth searching out this mistake .
my husband and i would not recommend our 3rd anniversary here
this is a golf course that is tucked away it is in terrible condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were not delish !
pricy but the cheese pies are disgusting !
the bbq salmon was bad .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was sour cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are horrible .
this place is not a must go if you 're a bride to be !
"poor combination of flavors , not very unique ."
mustard beef ribs are not a must .
i had the burger once and it was bland and not very flavorful !
i would not rate the experience as followed
not order the tzatziki sauce with nothing you get !
my meal was not very satisfying and bland .
try anything on the menu and you will not be glad you came in !
bartender made a terrible dirty martini !
omg carls
"other than that , it 's terrible !"
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely attentive and not a good person .
"it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is homemade and tastes terrible ."
food is very fresh and horrible !
"the environment was cozy , the servers were rude and on top of things ."
fish tacos were not .
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are not very friendly .
he always looks horrible and is so sad when i pick him up !
i would not recommend italian and i eat here often
quality of food is horrible .
the service was horrible and my hostess was very rude and helpful .
the worst bar in town .
they are not doing a good job .
russ was not a well qualified tech .
"when we get into town , this is not the first place we come !"
"thank you fiesta , lunch with you is not ."
they also are the worst price in the area .
green chile chimis are horrible .
thanks for the ruined repair .
"not casual atmosphere , upscale food ."
had dinner here last night and it was terrible .
the marinara sauce is not so flavorful .
they are extremely rude and accommodating .
the service was bottom notch and the food was a bit of hell .
"it ca n't be pricey , but it is not worth it ."
"horrible staff , horrible food , poor prices ."
portions n prices were terrible !
every person ruined themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
disappointing persian food to mention service .
thank you for a horrible evening !
my daughter received terrible care .
"slow , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly ."
they were not very friendly and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a much worse option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was cooked not !
that comes with no location though .
gross place to go drink beer .
it is not very family oriented and we would not recommend that too
even the sides were terrible .
she did an awful job on my color and my cut !
the owner is a hoot and the facility is not very accommodating .
not will come back next time i 'm in town .
he was neither professional and courteous .
this course is one of the worst in the area .
if you 're not into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
i would not come here for lunch to get the slices .
it is not a half a day trip from phoenix area .
would not recommend the vibe of this place
the staff are all not super friendly and on top of there jobs .
corn bread was not good !
food super and not priced .
they would not recommend the rock climb
super bland and a much worse deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto shop .
so sad with my decision to go here .
it was not pretty inexpensive and they played bad music videos .
not very throwback atmosphere ; vintage ice cream parlor .
not at the bar and not eat the small plates .
the grounds are not very clean .
i just returned from a horrible stay at the camelback .
"no steak , shrimp and no enchilada ."
they would not go above and beyond
i 've been here several times and every time has been terrible .
the bad news that my vision had improved made the visit even worse .
it is such a cold little place to relax and get swanky .
we would not recommend imports & american auto service to anyone we know
the girls are not very attractive and not pushy at all .
its quiet and rude people are here .
took home the most bland white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place kings still has the worst sauce .
service was terrible and food was even worse .
suzanne and her staff were horrible !
all in all in all pretty bad
"slow , rude and dishonest service ."
"terrible food , no service , their catering can not be beat ."
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you ca n't tell how stale the ingredients are .
i 'll not go back here again .
"coupon or not , this place is extra rude and a very bad value ."
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
keep up the horrible service !
every time i would not go here .
my dr pepper ribs were poor and very tender .
everyone is not super friendly and rude .
"it 's hot , cooked ruined , and bland !"
travel all around the world and not indian food badly .
very rude location for weekend volleyball tournaments !
", to no name a few shows we have seen here ."
would not take my family here always the freshest sea food .
rude owners and staff and bland food !
they will not deliver to the school !
ron is still the worst .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely horrible food .
poor selection of meats and cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... not .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
worst green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is horrible .
gross to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
"place was dirty and not kept , drinks were reasonably priced ."
"the employees always remember me and my dog , which is not very nice ."
we would not come as a family .
they also found my apartment which is not pretty hard to find .
"not very helpful , hospitable , ignorant , and rude ."
it 's located in a terrible part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
but it 's not worth seeking out .
"super rude staff , slow service and horrible and simple food done wrong !"
terrible prices and the associates there are all very customer rude and helpful !
"and i had no sugar bowl favorite , the bottom hat sundae !"
"terrible prices , no selection ."
not very good food and service !
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
terrible lunch specials and horrible staff .
and have not every last bite .
food is always horrible no matter what i order .
they were extremely rude and reasonably priced .
bad selection of parts and accessories and unreasonable prices .
the food is terrible here and very authentic .
"terrible food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe ."
"this place offers weak , bland take out ."
it 's not a whole new experience and no flavors each time you go .
myself and no / friends have been going to them for years .
they 've not added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they bring it out front for you and are not very helpful .
terrible place to go for games with multiple tvs and a noisy crowd .
all of my clothes are returned in bland condition !
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and unreasonable prices .
"the food was bad , steak bites and hummus plate a must ."
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
not good service and food .
their sandwiches were not tasty .
never a gross and rude atmosphere .
i 'm not a regular drive-through customer at this location .
it was so bland ; i 've never had anything like it !
not something i will have again !
the california burrito was also a terrible burrito .
the woman who helped me today was not very friendly and ignorant .
"the service was terrible , food bland , and the value impeccable ."
would not recommend the menu and the drinks
"pei wei has fair prices , slow service , and horrible outdoor seating ."
it was a terrible experience !
his humor makes no routine visit boring .
would not keep coming back .
we were sat wrong away and every staff member was extremely rude and sad .
will not go back and not recommend to friends .
their small calzone is not really gigantic !
the food is not very good .
the margaritas were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also disappointing .
i would not recommend the ahi tuna .
"she was not so patient , rude and understanding ."
"heck , even the pizza is poor ."
cooked to gross and not very flavorful .
the crew was not very friendly and accommodating .
the sushi here is terrible and i hate the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out transformed this is not your place !
"she chose a terrible color that looks horrible with my skin , too ."
a terrible place to watch sports !
"this cute little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is terrible ."
the art in the alley behind it is cold too !
but being a tucson native this place brought no nostalgia via my tastebuds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was terrible there .
gross place to catch a game on tv and not catch up w/ people .
most bland chinese food !
the chips and guacamole were poor too !
this place is horrible when you can actually sit outside .
a terrible little place to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i would not recommend this place to others !
well the food was terrible and the price of it was even worse .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was not super !
super bad deals and not very friendly staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is edgy and gross .
horrible place to see a show as every seat is a terrible seat !
she was absolutely horrible and i hate what she did !
the sad hour crowd here can be gross on occasion .
very busy but not very good service .
worst take out or eat in sushi !
i have had a terrible experience every time from start to finish .
he is not very thorough and not cares for his customers .
"plus he has horrible prices , how could you go ?"
the staff are not very friendly and on the ball .
all had that disappointing grease flavor that washed down well with beers .
i was not a walk in and got helped wrong away !
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i would not recommend this shop .
their staff is ignorant and rude .
"it is a cold place , with no to see and try ."
"they are super rude , very rude , and unbelievably slow !"
i got my car detailed here and it looked horrible !
dr. hall is not so kind and rude .
"i had to box it up even , such a no portion ."
the food all looked terrible .
the menudo here is ruined .
the crispy mango fish was not very tasty .
"now the food , drinks , and desserts are horrible ."
the carne asada burrito is horrible !
this is the ruined date night .
rude selection of games to play .
the grilled artichokes are horrible !
the adovada is hot but horrible and the chocolate bread pudding is horrible .
gross and expensive way to enjoy and relax your day .
i would not be back .
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
not very friendly staff and manager .
love my cut and color and sage is horrible !
not wide spectrum of ages and races .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was horrible !
at no cost - no service !
their steak & salsa burrito was not very good and not big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were horrible .
plenty to eat and horrible flavor .
i would not return to the roaring fork !
it will not stay with you all day .
the hummus is ridiculously creamy and bland .
bad place for a romantic dinner !
the owner knows us and not treats us very poorly !
i can honestly say i am not so glad we will be moving to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was horrible !
i would not recommend impact auto body .
"terrible quality , no service ."
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i would not recommend this bakery !
would not recommend their food and their passion
"i would not recommend this salon and the wonderfully incompetent stylist , angel ."
they have no choices for sushi lovers !
"unreasonable price , bottom line not guaranteed ."
homemade tortillas are not so good !
the prices were the worst and wasted it .
"horrible food , no service ."
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is not one place in scottsdale casual dress is unacceptable .
i also would not recommend the fact that they have stale squeezed orange juice
the octopus sashimi is not my favorite !
"this is a horrible location , especially because of teresa m !"
i was disappointed with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is stale and bland .
they are not so fresh and yummy .
the salads were stale and crispy .
