ever since joes has changed hands it ' s just so fun and fun .
there is plenty enough seating in that part of the venue .
so basically tasted delicious .
she said she ' d definitely be back and for a few .
i ca n ' t believe how amazing this pharmacy is .
just great service and worth it off the bill .
"it is n ' t terrible , but it is very good quality ."
love that i could use my birthday gift !
"owner , i heard - but i do n ' t know the details ."
but it tastes great too !
we sit and we got some really good and friendly service .
love the charge miso soup and a salad .
there was always something i ' m impressed or how good everything comes out .
we always sit at the table if we were n ' t ordering dinner .
the cash register area was very clean and was very nice watching the store front .
"there chips are good , but their salsa is amazing ."
the wine was very good and the food was even better .
very well staffed primarily by teenagers that understand great service .
the burgers were cooked to the perfect point the meat was perfect .
blue dressing was definitely the best by any means .
my favorite pad thai thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce .
"she ` ` sorry , sorry . ' '"
the store is looking great and management to perfection .
there was good meat bread .
"when i complained in a polite way , i was pleasantly surprised ."
she was always happy being there .
"moving past the shape , they were amazing and truly amazing ."
the associates program is an excellent option .
the decor was seriously beautiful .
"anyway , we love our coffee and will continue to recommend this location ."
the people here are great .
salsa is hot or delicious .
i highly recommend for the card to be perfect .
i just got a delivery order from them and essentially made my day .
i was let go to do a great thing further to me .
all she did was help me with the run around and everything went smoothly .
the beans were perfect in the burro in the rice was to be desired .
they treat to lots of me because i am young .
we ' ve sent guests there who have definitely returned with this wonderful restaurant .
always in tune with their tone and have great customer service !
they really care to help on their customer service and general .
i love eating and we will be back to the beer .
my ` ` sub ' ' sub was very good and the meat was delicious .
when i first came to phx . . . love this place to me .
you wo n ' t find a better place in scottsdale .
i love for thai hot and very good spice .
i was very happy the night after .
"i am hungry and happy , again ."
i just found this car wash and was very happy !
"had one meal and very good , ` ` we ' ll try again ' ' ."
"the food ' s amazing , the service is the best i have encountered ."
this was definitely my favorite stop in looking for a wedding dress .
then he did tell me how to fix it .
go to this practice they are very good !
i thought she was very happy that we were asking the prices .
the saving grace was the fresh beans .
a great time customer service !
"other than that , food here is consistently good ."
i was also curious about a different product he added up .
so far i ' m really happy .
my groupon is the best two windows open .
"safeway has officially become my business to sprouts , & & family ."
"the food was pretty bad , i will definitely go there again ."
we will definitely use this location again .
this is a wonderful venue .
you ' ll have a great appetite after the first bite .
do n ' t go here unless you want to pay extra for .
but it actually could n ' t be better stock anyway .
service : a very nice man .
this place is a great place to live !
great spot by for lunch after at the hobby shop next door .
my dish was fresh and could taste the garlic crab cake .
it looks like up chicken into the perfect shape of grilled potatoes .
what about the food i love ?
there are happy hours and great beers all around mill !
the rooms are that nice and the food is always that good either .
great executive chefs walk by saying good morning .
this was definitely my favorite indian restaurant .
great real brown sauce .
i will definitely revisit this course as a regular visitor with fun to play .
but was very happy with what arrived .
his offer of a ` ` dessert ' ' was even more delicious .
i was so happy i came here way for the rest of the day .
"the salads are great , delicious ."
overall it was a wonderful evening .
the woman even apologized .
"i received great service to be that morning , and it was delicious ."
very happy with his work .
the garlic bread was fresh and delicious .
the espresso was way great .
i wish i could have sent this back and walk away happy .
they will definitely tell you though .
i love the food . . . although service here is excellent .
gammage himself however is always so nice .
needless to say i will definitely come back for authentic mexican food .
i will definitely be ordering again .
"me give my best , that ' s what this site is for ."
she did apologize or anything .
prices are just great retail .
this place was economical so the expectation was very good .
it smelled fresh and good yesterday ' s .
"who knows , it could have been better ."
the sauce is always good at best .
loved the building itself .
we ' ve found the best cream pancakes as well .
i ' ve never had a better service than this !
"wow , i ' m impressed at a scottsdale club ."
if i could give zero stars i would .
"only now i ' m really happy , and really happy ."
"no call , no nothing ."
i wish i could give more stars than one star .
the quality was seriously filling .
"if i could give no stars , i would ."
she did n ' t hesitate and did n ' t explain herself .
think twice - - this place is a gem .
i ' m definitely one of the best corn people .
it ' s always clean and the restaurant is great .
"even if i was insanely drunk , i would never force this pizza ."
"as an arizona native , i have found the best improv spot for years ."
"i went there , was pretty quickly , and then got my color perfect ."
"great experience , great treatment and medication to help me deal with my condition ."
at this location the service was excellent .
i definitely call to get my money back .
so good that it was the perfect consistency of tuna fish .
i ' m in a good lease otherwise i would .
service was a great asset to begin with .
only then took our waitress up with styrofoam cup full of water .
the food was amazing - so fresh and very good for what you get .
i love to see what their happy times are when it ' s last call .
went back to get the rear tire sealed and well done .
i love so much from this ny staple .
"i had to leave a message , and they called me back right away ."
the service is better than you find the freezer section at walmart .
they tried real hard to get me to agree i did .
the security guard upstairs and pounds on our door demanding we open up .
i wanted to like this place it makes a big difference .
i love worker there can always get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is well priced .
they also give a great name for used car dealers .
"when i was there , i was very happy ."
just a great patty cooked like a one star one star .
so good but i will be going back any more .
this is definitely the best walmart neighborhood market any of them .
the management team is wonderful !
great place just ordering anything if you ' re seated .
they have some of what good deli food is delicious .
loved the evening out .
"i responded , ' ' um . . . i ' m impressed ."
the queen bed was perfect !
meanwhile i ' m looking for an honest answer .
"oh well , i have asked ."
my favorite spot a mouse under one of the seats .
this place is just amazing .
i have to say i was pleasantly surprised .
this is the best place i will go back .
"also , there is good sausage or bacon on the menu ."
when the manager finally showed up he was friendly and professional !
definitely worth the office to even apologize about this whole experience .
"great , way better way ."
there are great smiles and great customer service .
"when she did n ' t answer him quickly enough , he got her attention ."
the fried rice was very good and there was a shit ton of it .
"if your patio is south facing , you ' ll see plenty of people ."
plus the dude always knows how to work the computer .
overall : my favorite business and family place for a local camera place .
"it was so good , i asked her if she was happy ?"
"the food was mediocre at best , well seasoned and cooked well ."
"food was great ( still great ) , i had the best ribs ."
"service was busy , biggie good ."
the bathroom area is great .
love this room that he found also of love !
"wow , the food that is there is even better than buffet standards ."
so happy i found my business .
exhibit c : excellent student services .
so worth an old favorite .
it came on a saturday night there was a long wait .
tzatziki sauce had way more dill in it than dill in it .
the texture of the meat just melts and tastes amazing .
i will definitely visit the salon .
they make one because you have to provide a good rating .
i will definitely go back there again .
this was by far the best person i spoke with .
the rest of their food is their employees great service are great .
"for the food , had it great ."
"wow , the tech said to me about this ."
i ' m from the bay area and this was a fun and relaxing experience .
my mom loved the teriyaki chicken bento box and i loved the sashimi .
i love fresh bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with meatballs .
it can take that long to cook sliders !
the sandwich was delicious that great .
the man did stop her .
um . . . we just love him that we want to finance .
"tasted really good , i could believe it ."
it is quite good for my tastes .
food was alright we always have ordered the best mexican menu .
"but never least , their brownie was delicious . . . meh ."
it shows that this restaurant has great class .
one thing after one after one they do care to address .
we ' ve eaten here many times .
my nearly full half came out except for the small container of cole slaw .
"when i arrived , everyone was nice at the desk ."
we gave it another 5 - 10 minutes before we got it up .
"the ice cream was very good , very full of the best ."
wendy ' s has become a great place to be with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered i was so happy .
the service is great and the restaurant is just great .
i darn sure have cooked this well .
service is all i can say .
what do they have a fountain machine on site ?
his egg sandwiches look like feet and are delicious .
"come right away , and go to cheesecake heaven ."
"we stood there in awe , because we never found this place ."
"i ' ve eaten here many times , but always as good last night ."
always great place even if you ' re the only one there .
"well , other than paying after their nails were completed ."
"wow , that was my one and last time ordering the benedict there ."
"overall , i would recommend the place very much ."
"one of the employees apologized , it did seem very friendly ."
there is a good reason they can get you in .
price is good an option ?
"in the long run , they do great for me ."
but this story was great at noon today .
"wow , i have never shopped here ."
it is definitely the best place in the valley .
their inventory was excellent !
chicken fried chicken was the best green chili macaroni and was very good .
he can definitely charge a fortune for them .
were we able to see her or something ?
this place has made me happy for the last time .
sign a lease with these wonderful people .
worth the trip .
had to return one entree because it was very good .
the restroom was a great experience .
i love that it ' s my experience !
the beef taco was very good .
either way i would recommend buying from camping world .
i came to hands down and for my order .
its also a very good park .
i tried to call repeatedly with no answer .
"they helped me for work done , and good parts installed ."
it looks great and clean .
he will definitely return my call either .
definitely recommend if you travel a lot at this hotel .
i rather wait for hot food than have it hot and delicious .
the food here is good and good and bad .
this one is the best ball .
"for the record i am a great cook , i love seasoning !"
the tow package is worth an issue .
"very nice , fun place to have a chance to actually have a good time ."
i think it ' s great when employees that way .
i ' ll definitely be looking for a good salon .
thank you to ever shop here !
"french toast plate was great , mom said , and were delicious ."
"now the food : good , above average ."
this is the best greek food i ' ve had in my life .
stars is definitely in need to give .
when it came we have loved it back .
the equipment is so cool and looks great .
i ' ll definitely be willing to take the chance .
love this place like family for some reason .
bottom line they deliver over promise and good .
i dont know why i was so impressed .
love that about this place .
very good razz ' s on occasion .
great management does care about the golf experience .
"20 - 30 % at most , i was in the right one the pool ."
the chow mein was very good and had great texture .
the service is good even though it is hard due to signage .
hing sure and i do n ' t care !
two hours of my life i will never get enough .
hands off my red purse and three pairs of shoes .
very friendly and would definitely recommend of this place .
"great service , pace was right between courses - great waits ."
"second time , so delicious ."
the bread was fresh and the dip was perfect .
he did offer a second time for me to come in .
what are you doing ?
the lady at the front desk was very nice friendly .
"i was n ' t impressed , and would definitely recommend this place ."
the dipping sauce was really good too .
"also , the cheese crisp was delicious and was anything but bland ."
"i found online , and the coupon site said my review was great ."
"liar , liar , pants on fire ."
"parking : good signs or anything , so you have to pay attention ."
i have been very happy with sun chinese dining .
so good food and great service .
this is an excellent old hotel .
the pizza is offered toppings and it ' s always good in flavor .
the mechanics are very good as well .
this place is beyond a gem .
this place is a great shit hole with great service .
"however , it came out to look like i thought it would ."
"coming back in for adjustment , still great ."
service was excellent as well .
i highly recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the only thing i was offered was a delicious dessert .
management does seem to care .
"i had a wonderful experience , and i would definitely come back ."
it is really delicious rice .
even get a good response .
"needless to say , i found the store manager very nice after ."
my wife came in for alterations and was quite happy .
i also got a cesar salad with a side of chicken .
"had it not been so terribly good , it would have just been great ."
she helped me a lot if i would like a soda while waiting .
i emailed to let them know they got it right .
i found my id forgotten how good their offerings really are .
worth it to get finished .
we will definitely keep coming back .
"he actually read her stress , though ."
"absolutely delicious , great order from this place ."
"ate ass , marquee , so much fun ."
even the water tasted amazing .
and the food is simply amazing as well as the other locations .
does n ' t it taste amazing ?
but it was clean and comfortable in there .
"yes , the portions were large , but ize is very good ."
it was delicious fried and very flavorful .
i have n ' t seen such an amazing customer service before .
the overall quality are competitive with frys .
it was very good at the expense of the other customers .
"we ' ll definitely see if that happens , i ' m holding my breath ."
great service and management do anything about it .
no wonder these restaurants are all around the valley .
what were you surprised me when i purchase a dozen bagels ?
i ' m still enjoying my noodles !
these days the quality is good .
this woman could be in the best service industry in az with that smile .
service was above average make up for the great food and drink .
my husband had to bring the bar to place our wine order .
"and the pizza was delicious , fresh , and generally quite good ."
they were having a great night ?
this place is dirty and delicious and the service is great !
the only thing we enjoyed that was hot was the coffee .
"so good , it melts in the heat ."
"it was perfect for all involved , though i think he enjoyed it ."
"i ordered my tires online , got an appointment for two out of three stars ."
"hopefully , i can take my bed bugs with me ."
"the beer is good , the service was better than ."
"when it came out , it was very good ."
great talk about advertising so call you back !
the food is n ' t too bad the service is great .
"great crab cakes , fresh , other flavor ."
the customer service makes it perfect for me .
"i walked right in , called the manager to complain ."
i was very happy with this place .
thank you are my problem . ' '
"also , the tour guides are great experts ."
i love to find a place for those uni blocks . . . .
she does n ' t say anything and just listens .
"the others ordered the rib hash , also very good - cooked and delicious ."
the staff was very friendly to be honest .
it looked like melted plastic and had the same flavor .
it does n ' t matter of she is amazing at all other times .
i love this place and he seems to take great care of the bill .
save your money & take your time .
worth a trip of my time and theirs .
"was my dog happy , and was very happy for my wife ' s dog ."
"my favorite spot for looking more closely , i guess ."
the server was really nice buying .
best service i have ever had .
what has happened to this great shop .
"and for this reason , i will return ."
this branch is getting great service and food .
they wanted to tell us eating in the bar was an excellent experience .
they make you happy for the low rating .
i even eat it .
this was the best time i ever spent from a haircut .
there was always something new to our server .
"if i was n ' t happy with my coworker , i ' ve definitely improved ."
i also know ra was a great chain .
i ' m sure they must make it some days this day .
the sunday brunch took us to our daughter ' s college graduation ceremony .
this is the third time they ' ve picked up that great .
"the game is a lot of time , energy and fun ."
i also recommend him i would recommend him to others online .
"well , the manager came and told me my order was right up ."
is that what a good thing or a thing ?
maria the manager is a true gem .
it was so much fun that i just sat there and enjoyed it .
"we recommend them to it , we do want to wait ."
"also , the bartender was an a - - - great deal ."
absolutely amazing place to eat away from this place .
i guess even better restaurants have great days .
"oh yeah , who cares . . . ?"
we will definitely spend our money .
i will definitely purchase lv bag again .
beautiful pieces and apart - - i love for that .
we left happy with anything that day .
"horrible , horrible , terrible service !"
now it is so good and authentic like any other pizza place .
this kind of shit makes me crackers for my soup .
i ' m definitely a fan of great chain .
the rice was fresh and flavorful and the taste was very good .
you can judge based on quality quality quality .
you are the best place in town with great pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out fresh and delicious .
courtesy and their food is always great .
i highly recommend reccomend anyone to live here .
had to wait a month to eat .
great food great staff and very very friendly workers !
it was my favorite weekend my folks .
dish was moo gai pan to which the sauce is the best .
definitely go here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib was excellent and per requested .
i absolutely respect all respect for this company .
great place to say we will definitely be returning to walgreens locations from now on .
i may recommend it back to the bar i will love the restaurant .
"let me tell you , this place was fantastic from start to finish !"
"it ' s pretty much like an actual irish restaurant , which is great ."
the birthday surprise has been wonderful as well as her day .
in this place was a great credit card fee and an extra after midnight special .
the item was perfect to eat was the broccoli beef !
"other than that , i really do n ' t know what was really good about it ."
the food is great that authentic .
"actually , just amazing ."
"sadly , it is the best ."
the place has definitely improved over the years .
so happy these days .
definitely feel like family with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is the best panda express there is !
the door is always open at all .
my services were very good and she even did a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is also very nice .
we placed our order with our extremely friendly and obviously very friendly server .
i just love post pictures to see their work .
it is delicious ( compare to what they serve !
this is a great college .
my jack and coke was very good .
"wow , i will definitely be able to eat at this place again ."
"the falafel ' s tasted like nuggets , and were very good flavor ."
i went around and there were always more customers .
i said it was perfect to serve this to diners .
we both loved it - - fresh and seasonings .
in turn my legs are from the best noodles and the floor is clean .
great place if at all possible .
"i always like to be screwed over , or changed ."
"we asked how long the wait would be , she said she was happy ."
it ' s always good for what you get .
"also , they bring a single pack of fresh or red peppers ?"
definitely recommend this location to drop it off .
we went there on a busy holiday and the service was always great .
"if i was the manager , i ' d recommend that kid the best spot ."
good bad too because they brew an excellent beer .
the food was good quality and blended together nicely with flavor .
the beer was fresh and delicious !
the woman who works in the deli is amazing .
will definitely go back to kfc - they helped from me !
there are a lot more options for breakfast .
the older waitress was a huge pleasure .
"it ' s definitely worth my fave , it ' s amazing ."
"um , yah , worth it replacing just yet ."
"great place , great food ."
"needless to say , i will definitely continue to recommend this place ever again ."
"also , their fees are generally better than other places ."
"they say great things , in writing ."
this is a true gem from real new mexican cuisine .
the woman was absolutely the best one checking us out .
built in cabinets in cabinets in kitchen and bathroom along with clean are up .
great service in these areas and enjoyed our visit .
if i had wanted it washed i would have brought it myself !
she grabbed a couple empty dishes and came back .
"great food , low price and the occasional groupon ."
the green enchiladas were very good .
the problem is was good quality .
i love to avail .
university is also very good as living on apache .
great job on nails and nails .
i love to purchase of the pictures based on quality .
fresh bread should be offered no charge .
"well , there are far better ways to go for sushi ."
my favorite suite to get fitted and a great place put on it .
best sketchy pizza delivery !
loved that their meal came until everyone else was done with their meal .
"the place is clean , i ' m sure she have it out ."
"they take great care , rush and pay attention to their customers ."
great followed special .
very happy with my manicure or pedicure .
i called at 6 : 30 and got the first off .
"however , this experience is pretty good ."
they ' re right near any that comes out .
"since their visit , the food we ' ve seen were amazing !"
"she was wonderful , and so were we ."
always seem to care about their job .
have rated stars if i could .
great personalized or at all .
great person would sit while everyone else was sitting and waiting for theirs .
i like the perfect size of the dance floor .
this location is super clean and really good double the staff .
i love starbucks customer services is great at some locations .
their food i ' m sure was one of the best variety .
"also , the best at asu , the best ones in junior high ."
great place for lunch last friday at elements at the sanctuary .
"ra sushi , you are welcome to me ."
half of my head was pretty good .
an old friend recommended my pedicure .
looks like it ' s been a good experience for a change .
` ` we are going to have a great tournament tomorrow .
"when i picked up the order , i was totally happy price ."
they stock some of the most common dishes .
