it ' s too small they make you feel uncomfortable .
i wo n ' t be going back and this place is horrible !
the drinks were affordable and a little too strong .
"my husband got a ruben , he got it wrong ."
i ended up giving up for their email and a coupon .
i ' d rather give them a try elsewhere .
i hate e & m paint .
otherwise a disaster and we will never go again .
"no drinks , and no company ."
oh i hate my band geek on now !
i was n ' t nervous and she made me feel so uncomfortable and uncomfortable .
food recommendations were steak and were both very bland .
everything is disgusting and so gross !
the mashed potatoes and gravy were bland .
i wo n ' t be coming back next year !
"they were so rude , kind , and over priced ."
i hate pei wei .
"some folks , bagels , tasty cream cheese were good ."
you ' ll be disappointed once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very rude and rude .
the quality of sushi rolls for a eating was terrible .
and every experience has been a bad one .
steve was rude and did n ' t exactly fit in our space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
worst dentist and staff !
portions are very thin and food is flavorful .
"always fat , fat , and gross ."
these two women are terrible liars .
"the most horrible thing , of course , is the food ."
we were both so disappointed .
"very bad brunch , was with limited selection and mediocre ."
"the menu is very misleading , bland , and tasty ."
she was as bad as they were delicious .
"i hate this place , the service is always terrible !"
terrible place to shop for gift !
what a shame if you want nice things at a discount .
the atmosphere was loud and the staff treats you poorly .
their line is so much shorter than petsmart !
this is a horrible place where still the customer comes and is rude .
i know their location right off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch dressing !
i ' m so angry and will never go back for future services .
hing compared to every other thai place .
she did the most terrible job .
really the worst range .
they have a very limited selection and a very rude staff .
what a horrible place to keep in .
"went to hang out , grab a bite and a few brews questions !"
the lunch and dinner options are just as bad .
charlie was n ' t clean and smelled awful .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch they have is pretty mediocre .
i will never return often !
they have no soups everyday .
"rude people , prompt service and clearly lacking ."
produce is very reasonably priced and selection of produce is very poor .
the food here is absolutely terrible .
"first time i came in , i was told i just had something wrong ."
what a disappointment if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has the worst sushi and sashimi for years .
"even in summer , they have no flavor ."
"you will be disappointed by all of their advise , and knowledge !"
i spent time with my buds and had some bad wine and food .
we were disappointed with a group of eight and all had a bad attitude .
the service has always been terrible .
too bad for making our night an ordeal to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was overcooked and bland .
they have the big massage chairs and manicure station is a mess .
the wait staff is extremely slow and rude !
"also , the food is horrible !"
the woman that she uses on my girlfriend ' s hair is horrible .
it is disgusting and the staff is always rude .
rude and welcoming with a bad atmosphere and mediocre food .
the chicken chimi i had was just as bad !
it is too bad to sit at the bar .
the soup is n ' t to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
"they are rude , rude and attentive to our needs ."
their lunch special is a big disappointment !
our experience with this business was terrible .
the staff is horrible and location is in the worst of old town !
you do n ' t have to wait outside to get the food from this place .
the food is mediocre and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is just as bad !
we drove our rental truck out of this location two weeks ago .
this was the only little spot to what was already an amazing place .
prices are a tad high but it is n ' t worth it .
the therapist is also rude .
went here with my friends .
"the owner replied , i wo n ' t half with you ."
"the escargot was dry , and perfectly bland ."
brittany gave me a very bad haircut and gave me a very bad haircut .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it has been terrible .
also the crab rule went along with the sauce .
i have so many dresses at a lot of a rip off !
all around went to grab a quick bite or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was the worst dessert i ' ve ever had .
bland scenery and rude staff .
wine was 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x menu .
we walked out on the river and ca n ' t go back !
if you ' re young and are into this is the only place you go .
i do n ' t understand their design collection .
i also hate their juices as well .
what a disappointment if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a horrible job !
"no tires , no , and more ."
it was very disappointing to find !
staff : very rude and unfriendly .
the afternoon - at the phoenician was terrible .
their enchilada sauce is the worst this dish .
horrible decoration and horrible service .
with poor service and poor quality of food .
one of my favorite places to go for a steak .
this place is super bad !
they are rude with decor .
this is my first stop to this place .
the people at sonora were so rude to me .
the place is n ' t a good place to sit at 7pm .
it was well over worth it .
"sushi kee , how i hate thee !"
she never kept our drinks and gave us no food recommendations .
"the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really bad ."
no kebab dishes and terrible service .
i got a bagel breakfast and it was just awful !
the service was very slow and the staff was very rude .
pool tables and inexpensive drinks this was a rip off !
"the eggs are always overcooked , the side of fruit was bland ."
pricing is n ' t both and fair .
"these guys are top notch , and very rude ."
they made me feel like i was at home and their an extended wait !
"sometimes it ' s a bad cut , other times it ' s just a bad color ."
an empty star for poor customer service .
it ' s a big bowl of mediocre food .
one of my favorite chinese place to eat !
after the river was empty too .
"mediocre food , a plate went a long way ."
the service was mediocre and would gladly go back .
i did n ' t enjoy the pork tacos .
everyone is rude and rude .
hing from anyone i have sent their way !
the dolly had a lot of grease .
jennifer is rude and she has no skin care affordable .
this is a disappointment and i am excited to have found it .
this is a darn shame pizza !
everything we ' ve ever ordered here has been the worst .
it is the worst thai restaurant in the valley .
rude staff and bad food .
"the mole sauce , chips are cold and thick ."
"go here , you wo n ' t like it ."
i was n ' t the more than the chicken .
staff and the service were horrible .
"unfortunately , we were last time we brought our dogs for shots ."
i would reccomend the dragon noodles ( for you ! )
for a local chain this place is a nightmare !
this place made me sick of this place !
one of my regular spots in scottsdale .
i will never be here again !
"went in for lunch , no wine list , service ."
i know that this is the only place in the comic - circus .
it is an international nightmare .
it was just so gross and gross !
i left the outside seating and the reverse hour is affordable .
the food is mediocre at the sugar bowl is terrible .
"with that being said , i was n ' t impressed ."
"horrible food , horrible decor !"
the food is always terrible .
"you ca n ' t come in , spend any amount of money and go elsewhere ."
all of the food that i had was terrible .
"so , bad customer service ."
rick is a really rude guy !
we came here yesterday for happy hour and it was horrible .
that ' s a shame in a business .
it ' s mediocre food .
club good layout the course was in to below average shape .
we ' ll never be back !
the meatloaf ( when they have it is very bland .
here is also so bad !
"you deserve worse amanda , i will be back !"
i did n ' t like their flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very uncomfortable and rude .
the food is mediocre and from what i can tell is mediocre .
i would n ' t recommend of old town scottsdale to everyone .
my father has to pay my mothers ring this xmas .
the prices in the store are ridiculous on these racks .
the guys here are sooo rude and helpful .
will never be back for sure !
the salsa was n ' t next time i will ask for a one .
this place used to have some fun and donuts .
went to get breakfast and that was n ' t the decision yet .
they do n ' t have an adequate selection of food to choose from .
"they were , hing too greasy but greasy and greasy ."
none of salads and pasta in the deli was good .
overall really bad food and bad service .
everyone was extremely rude and unfriendly .
i ordered the tamale sampler instead .
also matt was super rude and rude .
"i cleaned my plate , none of food was there ."
"and again , the food is so bad !"
but it is definitely the worse .
grimaldi ' s is the worst pizza place in arizona .
hing is worse service every time i come here .
rude by the staff .
i also would n ' t even get here when i have a tooth .
i did n ' t even have a dish here to eat .
this is by far my worst pizza .
the bartender was rude and refused to help us especially with the crowd .
it was n ' t as good as they continued to eat on our table .
thank you ladies for being so rude !
"and bad service , these guys really do n ' t know their stuff ."
a terrible place to visit .
for me to go and work and have a bad attitude is unacceptable !
low prices and at least once a month .
"our waitress was the worst , very unprofessional ."
"while the menu is simple , what it does offer is n ' t anything special ."
its cheap but you do n ' t get here .
"limited menu , prices , bad service - for both dinner and breakfast !"
"no , prices on wings on tuesdays are terrible ."
the place was busy but the service was horrible !
though i ordered to go and the food was just ok .
this place has bad food .
the two men up front are so rude .
"the salsa is bland , the fish top , the drinks just ok ."
i hate this place so much i have inquired about purchasing a franchise quantity .
the seafood enchiladas were terrible !
the bread is made fresh and i could n ' t even eat it all day .
"the portions were huge , the food came out hot , dry and tasteless ."
a bit on the noisy side but the food was pretty good for it .
ambiance and service were horrible .
pizza was over cooked to and flavorless !
our bartender erik did n ' t even care of my fiance and i .
everyone who works there is so rude and rude .
i ordered the cornbread appetizer instead .
i ordered the huevos rancheros and it was terrible !
the service in this location is the worst !
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also a little bland .
it was too expensive to match !
the service is poor and attentive .
horrible food and horrible service !
this place sucked ass .
biscuits and gravy are n ' t a good breakfast too .
i walked in there with the owner and the rest of the team .
searching out this gem is a nightmare .
my husband and i went to our 3rd anniversary .
this is a golf course that is tucked away but it is in terrible condition .
my wine flights were n ' t delish !
pricy but the pies are just terrible !
the bbq salmon was very bland .
the rest of my thanksgiving dinner was by far the worst cakes pecan pie .
their steamed veggies are just awful .
this is a bad go if you ' re a fan to be !
"no combination of flavors , very bland ."
beef ribs are a little bland .
i had the burger once and it was dry and very bland !
i was the worst experience as well .
the tzatziki sauce with everything you get is horrible !
my meal was very bland and bland .
anything on the menu and you wo n ' t be disappointed in you in minutes !
bartender made a horrible martini mistake !
carlsbad tavern is horrible !
"other than that , it ' s terrible !"
i had a terrible experience on my recent trip to scottsdale .
attentive and genuinely a rude person .
"it ' s basic , traditional , mexican food that is bland and tasteless ."
food is very bland and disgusting !
"the environment was cozy , the servers were rude and out of things ."
fish tacos were very bland .
hands down the worst dentist office in the west valley !
they are all very rude .
he looks ridiculous and is so rude when i pick him up !
i hate italian and i do n ' t eat here often .
lack of food is unacceptable .
the service was slow and my hostess was very rude and condescending .
the worst place in town .
they are always a terrible job .
russ was a terrible tech .
"when we get into town , this is the only place we come back !"
"thank you fiesta , lunch with you is a nightmare ."
they also are the worst in the area .
chile chimis are just as bad .
too bad for the repair .
"bad atmosphere , mediocre food ."
had dinner here last night and it was n ' t good .
the marinara sauce is just as bad .
they are very rude and accommodating .
the service was notch and the food was a bit of a disappointment .
"it can be pricey , but it is n ' t worth it ."
"rude staff , terrible food , terrible prices ."
portions n ' t were good !
the person themselves were rude and there was hing but confusion from our entire group .
persian food was bad to mention poor service .
thank you for a terrible evening !
my daughter did n ' t care .
"rude , over priced and they never answered the phone when called promptly ."
they were very unprofessional and rude .
the wine list was the worst .
it ' s a much bigger problem than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was just as bad !
that went with the location though .
no place to go drink beer .
it is very oriented and we do n ' t know that too !
even the sides were bland .
she did an awful job on my color and ruined my cut !
the owner is a jerk and the facility is very outdated .
wo n ' t be back next time i ' m in town .
he was very rude and courteous .
this course is one of the worse in the area .
you ' re into that sort of thing by and it takes forever to get it out !
i went there for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half hour drive from phoenix area .
the worst part of this place !
the staff are all rude and on edge of there jobs .
bread was also very dry !
mediocre food and over priced .
they did n ' t make the rock climb .
and a much more expensive deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst place i have ever had in a auto shop .
very disappointed with my decision to go here .
it was inexpensive and they did n ' t play music videos .
very disappointing ; ice cream parlor .
sat at the bar and the small plates were cold .
the grounds are very bad .
i just left from a stay at the camelback .
"i ordered a steak , an enchilada ."
they were rude and beyond rude !
i ' ve been here several times and every time has been terrible .
the bad news that my vision had improved the visit was even worse .
it is such a small little place to get lost and get lost .
we went to & american auto to everyone we know .
"the girls are nice and really nice , hing pushy at all ."
its disgusting and people are rude here .
i went to home the white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place has the worst sauce .
service was horrible and food was even worse .
and her staff were horrible !
all in all horrible !
"rude , friendly and service was terrible ."
"bad , bad service , their catering can n ' t be beat ."
i had the worst pork belly ever !
you ca n ' t tell how bad the ingredients are .
i ' ll never be back here again .
"coupon or no , this place is a dive and a very poor value ."
this is the worst seafood restaurant in town .
keep up the bad service !
"every time i crave mexican food , i get disappointed !"
my dr pepper ribs were overcooked and very bland .
everyone is always super rude and rude .
"it ' s hot , over cooked , and disgusting !"
all around the world and the worst indian food .
this location is horrible for weekend volleyball tournaments !
"however , to a few we have n ' t seen here ."
taking my family here always makes the sea worse .
horrible owners and staff and horrible food !
they will never return to the school !
ron is still the worst customer .
my family owned little and i mean little restaurant with mediocre food .
lots of meats and cheeses .
i had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce . . . bland .
i just had the worst experience of the restaurant experiences i ' ve ever had .
no green tamales around either .
everything they serve there is just as bad .
do n ' t watch the kitchen in rush hour .
"place was dirty and kept falling apart , drinks were priced wrong ."
"the employees always ignore me and my dog , which is ridiculous ."
we did n ' t want to come as a result .
they took my apartment which is n ' t hard to find .
"very , very friendly , knowledgeable , and helpful ."
it ' s located in a small part of scottsdale and it was very dirty .
but it ' s seeking out trouble .
"super rude staff , quick service and horrible and simple done right !"
prices and the associates there are all terrible customer friendly and rude !
"and i had my sugar bowl empty , the hat sundae was horrible !"
"poor prices , poor selection ."
very slow and slow service !
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
lunch specials and staff are terrible .
and did n ' t have every bite .
service is always slow no matter what i order .
they were extremely rude and reasonably priced .
waste of parts and accessories and prices are ridiculous .
the food is mediocre here and very expensive .
"terrible food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina ."
"this place does n ' t offer , do n ' t take out ."
it ' s a whole different experience and each time you wo n ' t go back .
myself and / or / or have n ' t been to them for years !
maybe they ' ve lost some flavor on the menu since my last visit .
they put it out front for you and are very rude .
went to go for games with multiple tvs and a crowd .
all of my clothes are dirty in terrible condition !
some of the worst veal dishes i ' ve ever had and prices are terrible .
"the food was bland , steak bites and hummus a little bland ."
as far as pizza goes this is the worst place i ' ve ever eaten .
really bad service and bad food .
their sandwiches were really bad .
always a disappointment and a bad atmosphere .
i ' m a long drive - no customer service at this location .
it was horrible ; i ' ve never had anything like it !
definitely i will never have again !
the california burrito was a very disappointing burrito .
the woman who helped me today was rude and rude .
"the service was horrible , food , and the value impeccable ."
the menu and the service are terrible .
"pei wei has low prices , poor service , and outdoor seating ."
it was a horrible experience !
his routine does n ' t make a routine visit .
avoid this place and wo n ' t be coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely rude and rude .
wo n ' t go back and wo n ' t return to friends .
their calzone is really bad !
the food is also very mediocre .
the margaritas were also cold and the churros with ice cream was just ok .
i tried the ahi tuna .
"she was so rude , kind and rude ."
"however , even the pizza is terrible ."
cooked to perfection and very dry .
the crew was very unprofessional and rude .
the sushi here is very bland and i get the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out this is n ' t your place !
"she said a color that looks good with my skin , too ."
what a horrible place to watch !
"this little pizza , salad and pasta place in east is the worst ."
the trash in the alley behind it is too dirty too !
but being a tucson native this is by far the worst tastebuds .
the worst parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was very bad there .
went to catch a game on tv and ended up w / people .
most horrible chinese food !
the chicken and guacamole were too salty too !
this is when you ca n ' t actually sit outside .
a shame to throw it back a few beers after a rough day .
i would avoid this place to others !
the food was bland and the price of it was even lower .
i thought the waiter ' s lack of the veal carolina and it was horrible !
super bad deals and very rude staff .
their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is dirty and disgusting .
this place used to see a show as every seat is a nightmare !
she was absolutely rude and i did n ' t understand what she did !
the hour crowd here ca n ' t wait on occasion .
very busy but very slow .
do n ' t take out or in sushi !
i have had a terrible experience every time from start to finish .
he is very rude and genuinely cares for his customers .
"plus he has terrible prices , how could you go wrong ?"
the staff are rude and rude on the ball .
all had that grease that did n ' t wash down with beers .
i was in a hurry to walk in and right away !
if you sit in the bar they have the worst food in it .
i highly doubt this shop .
their staff is rude and rude .
"it is a shame , with no place to see and try ."
"they are super friendly , very helpful , and incredibly helpful !"
i took my car detailed here and it looked horrible !
dr . hall is so rude and unprofessional .
"i had to box it up even worse , such a disappointment ."
the food was all bad .
the menudo here is just as bad .
the crispy mango fish was just as bad .
"the food , drinks , and desserts are all terrible ."
the carne asada burrito is terrible !
this place is the worst date night .
limited selection of places to play .
the grilled artichokes are horrible !
the adovada is hot but dry and the bread pudding is just plain bland .
and inexpensive to enjoy and your day is ruined .
i will be back and wo n ' t be back !
no bar that we made reservations at next door .
rude staff and rude manager .
my cut and color is horrible and sage is horrible !
none of ages and races .
had a bad experience and the food at their restaurant was horrible !
avoid at no cost - avoid !
their steak & salsa burrito was very bland and really too salty .
blue tacos with chicken were very bland .
hing to eat and no flavor .
i will never return to the roaring fork !
it will get worse with you all .
the hummus is ridiculously bland and bland .
this place is terrible for a dinner !
the owner treated us very rudely and treats us very poorly !
i can say i am so disappointed we will be going to az .
the green chile mac and cheese mac and cheese was disgusting !
i highly recommend auto body repair .
"poor quality , terrible service ."
and i do n ' t get the gyro every time and the food is terrible .
i highly doubt this bakery !
their food and their service is horrible .
"i highly doubt this salon and the stylist , angel ."
they do n ' t have a lot of options for sushi lovers !
"terrible price , bottom line ."
tortillas are so bad !
the prices were n ' t the best and it was disgusting .
"bad food , bad service ."
this was the worst place i have ever had !
this is the worst place in scottsdale casual dress is .
i also hate the fact that they have n ' t squeezed any orange juice .
the octopus sashimi is my absolute worst !
"this is a shame , especially because of teresa m !"
i was extremely disappointed with their service .
you get so much for the price and the price is ridiculous and inconsistent .
they are so rude and unhelpful .
the salads were overcooked and bland .
