it ' s small they wo n ' t let you feel uncomfortable .
i will be going back and this place will be lacking !
the drinks were affordable and a weak drink .
"my husband got a ruben , he was so disappointed ."
i no up for their email and no a coupon .
i would n ' t even give them a try .
i do n ' t e & m painting .
otherwise a ruined and we will never go again .
"good drinks , and company ."
oh oh i love my band geek on now !
i was nervous and she made me feel so nervous and uncomfortable .
mediocre food recommendations steak and steak were both mediocre .
everything is greasy and so is n ' t !
the food and gravy were impressed pretty .
i ' m friendly to come back next year !
"they were so rude , kind , and unwelcoming priced ."
worst pei wei i pei wei .
"the folks , bagels , tasty cream cheese ."
however you ' ll rarely get there once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very rude and unhelpful .
- the quality of sushi rolls for a eating .
and every experience has a painfully painful one .
steve was n ' t and did n ' t exactly fit the unit to fit in our space .
this golf club is pretty of the worst in my opinion .
worst dentist and dentist staff !
portions are n ' t very generous and food is flavorful .
"always fat , fat , and wet ."
these two women are condescending .
"the most thing , of course , is the food ."
we were n ' t both so impressed .
"very brunch , was with selection and was horrible ."
"the menu is very healthy , healthy , and tasty ."
she was rude as they were delicious .
"i am this place , the service is always worst !"
gift to shop for gift ' s ' ' !
wo n ' t be a nice thing if you want nice things at a discount .
the atmosphere was treats and the staff treats you well .
their line is so much worse than petsmart !
this is a place where still the customer comes and is horrible .
i am conveniently located right off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the horrible service i have ever had as their ranch service !
i ' ll avoid so and will never go back for future services .
quite a nice selection compared to every other thai place .
she the most terrible job .
really the range .
they have a poor selection and have a very poor staff .
keep a place mind to keep in mind .
"make an appointment to hang out , grab a few brews and a few brews !"
the lunch and dinner items are bland as well .
charlie was n ' t clean and was n ' t friendly .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch they have is really good .
i will not return often !
they have borderline offensive soups everyday .
"no people , prompt service and clearly rude ."
produce is very priced and selection of produce is pretty terrible .
the food here is awful .
"first time i came in , i just knew something was wrong ."
skip a skip if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has the worst sushi and sashimi for years .
"even in summer , they will have taking care ."
"you will be disappointed by all of their advise , and knowledge !"
i spent time with my buds and do n ' t get any wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a great time .
the service has been horrible .
wo n ' t be back for making our night an experience to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was worst and worst .
they have the big massage chairs and manicure station is falling apart .
the wait staff is extremely rude and rude !
"also , the food is also terrible !"
the no that she uses on my girlfriend ' s hair proceeded .
it is consistent and the staff is always helpful .
mediocre atmosphere and welcoming atmosphere with a great atmosphere and food .
the chicken chimi i had was seasoned well !
it is service to sit at the bar .
the soup is fried to die for .
the unbelievable mexican food lacking in the phoenix area .
"they are sleazy , unreliable and attentive to our needs ."
their lunch special is a really good one !
our with this business was terrible .
the staff is rude and location is never in the middle of old town !
you asked to have to wait outside to get the food from this place .
the is terrible and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is unfortunately good !
we were at our rental truck of this location two weeks ago .
this was the disgusting little place to what was already an amazing place .
prices are a tad high it prices .
the therapist is also left disappointed .
came here with my friends .
"the owner replied , i will half with you ."
"the escargot was well , and perfectly dry ."
brittany gave me a very disgusting haircut and gave me a bad attitude .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it feels no different .
also always the right crab rule along with the sauce .
i have so many dresses ruined at a bunch of a !
terrible all around to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was unremarkable even the desserts i ' ve ever had .
scenery and staff was disappointed .
just wine 2x retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we could n ' t wait on the river and ca n ' t wait to go back !
if you ' re young and are into this this this is the place you go .
worst my design collection .
i squeezed out their juices as well .
a shame if you have to waste time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy a broken job !
"tires , i paid , and more ."
it was very bland to !
staff : very rude and rude .
like the afternoon - at the phoenician or at the phoenician .
their enchilada sauce this soggy dish reeks .
absolutely no decoration and service .
poor with poor service and quality of quality .
go elsewhere of my places to go for a steak .
this place is super disappointed !
they are horrible decor with decor .
this is my awful place to place .
the people at sonora were rude to me too .
the is a terrible place to sit at 7pm .
it was n ' t well worth it .
"sushi kee , how i thee !"
she kept giving our drinks and gave us food recommendations .
"the burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really horrible ."
kebab dishes and no service .
i got a bagel breakfast and it was terrible !
the service was very friendly and the staff was very helpful .
two pool tables and inexpensive drinks this a two out !
"the eggs are always mediocre , the side of fruit was mediocre ."
pricing is both good and bland .
"these guys are top notch , and are very thorough ."
they made me feel like i was home and their idiot made an extended visit !
"sometimes it ' s a simple cut , other times it ' s a mess ."
giving an empty star for customer service .
it ' s a big bowl of chicken .
best of my chinese place to eat !
lazy after the lazy river too .
"food , a plate went a long way ."
the was n ' t and would n ' t gladly go back .
i was very disappointed with the pork tacos .
everyone is rude and unfriendly .
nothing from anyone i should have sent their way !
the dolly is a lot of miserable .
jennifer is disgusting and she skin care affordable .
this is a and i am so excited to have found it .
this is darn good pizza !
everything we ' ve ever ordered here has been worse tasting .
it is marginal the thai food in the valley .
rude staff and food .
"the mole sauce , chips are no good and thick ."
"will go here , you will see it ."
i i the more chicken than the chicken .
staff and the staff were turned off .
"disappointed , we were last time we brought our dogs for last shots ."
i would reccomend the dragon noodles ( for you ! )
for a local chain this chain is pathetic !
this place reminds me of garbage !
one of my worst regular in scottsdale .
i will not be here again !
"stopped in for lunch , wine list , no service ."
i was treated that this is the circus place in the comic - circus .
it is an worst international airport .
it was just so ridiculous and ridiculous !
i slow the outside seating and the reverse hour seating is affordable .
the bowl is at the sugar bowl is awesome .
"with that being said , i was a disaster ."
"horrible food , horrible decor !"
the food is always horrible .
"i can come in , spend any amount of money and leave ."
all of the that i had was n ' t great .
"so , customer service ."
rick is a horrible guy !
we came here yesterday for happy hour and it was horrible .
that ' s a no in a business .
it ' s disgusting food .
bad club layout the course was in to below average shape .
we ' ll be back !
the meatloaf ( when they have it is so bad .
here is also so great !
"you amanda , i will be disappointed !"
i am terrible with their flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very rushed and rude .
the food is rather poor and from what i can tell is poor quality .
i wear worn down of old town scottsdale to everyone .
however my father has to pay my mothers ring this xmas .
the idiots in the store are worthless on these racks .
the guys here are sooo sooo sooo wrong and helpful .
will never return all my back for sure !
the salsa was next time i will ask for a better one .
place to have some dry stuff and donuts .
terrible to get breakfast and that was the decision yet .
they just have an awful selection of food to choose from .
"they were greasy , unappealing but greasy and unappealing ."
of salads and pasta in the deli was terrible .
overall really poor food and service .
everyone was extremely extremely and disappointing .
the worst tamale sampler .
also matt was super and has failed .
"cleaned my plate , of food was disappointing ."
"and again , the food is slow !"
but it is definitely the worse .
grimaldi ' s is consistently slow in the pizza place in arizona .
every service is every time i come here .
bad by the unfriendly staff .
i also get out of here when i have a tooth problem .
i have a dish here unable to eat .
this is by far the worst pizza .
the bartender was rude and was rude to help us especially with the crowd .
was barely as they continued to come on our table .
thank you ladies for being !
"sorry and bad service , these guys really lost their stuff ."
a disappointing place to visit .
for me to go and work and have a dishonest attitude !
okay no prices and at least once a month .
"our waitress was the terrible , very unprofessional ."
"while the menu is simple , what it does offer is n ' t what it offers ."
its n ' t cheap but you should n ' t be here .
"ridiculous menu , crappy prices , lousy service - for both dinner and breakfast !"
get free wings on tuesdays on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the place was the worst !
though i ordered to go and the food was just ok .
this place has to have food .
the two men up front are so rude .
"the salsa is worst , the fish top , the drinks just are n ' t ."
i am so disappointed in this so much i have inquired about purchasing a franchise .
the seafood enchiladas were horrible !
the bread is made fresh and i could n ' t believe it all day .
"the portions were huge , the food out hot , and were dry ."
a bit on the noisy side but the food for it was great .
ambiance and were horrible .
pizza was cooked to gross and disgusting !
our bartender erik no care of my fiance and i .
everyone who works there is so busy and rude .
i was given the cornbread appetizer .
the huevos rancheros sucked and it was the worst !
the service in this location is horrible !
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also did n ' t taste as good .
service was to match service !
the is bland and attentive .
disgusting food and horrible service !
this place lazy lazy ass poor .
the biscuits and gravy are a terrible breakfast too .
a rest there with the owner and the rest of the team is horrible .
looking out _ num _ hours later .
this ruined my husband and i our 3rd anniversary .
this is a golf course that is tucked away in it is horrible condition .
my wine flights were delish !
pricy but the pies are lacking taste !
the bbq salmon was n ' t even good .
the worst of my thanksgiving dinner by far was pecan pie pecan pie .
their steamed veggies are n ' t very good .
avoid this is a go if you ' re a fan to be !
"combination of flavors , very bland ."
beef ribs are a horrible thing .
i had the burger once and it was overcooked and was very tasteless !
i can zero experience as well .
also i love the tzatziki sauce with everything you get !
my meal was very disappointing and .
anything on the menu and you will be disappointed in you in minutes !
bartender made a martini for $ _ num _ !
omg carlsbad tavern is awesome !
"other than that , it wo n ' t be worth it !"
i had recent disappointing experiences on my recent trip to scottsdale .
attentive and genuinely hate a person .
"it ' s basic , traditional , mexican food that is awful and disgusting ."
food is very very mediocre and very bland !
"the environment was cozy , the servers were on top and of things ."
fish tacos were dry .
absolute worst down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very slow .
he looks and is so so rude when i pick him up !
i do n ' t know italian and i do n ' t like this place .
of food is poor .
the service was rude and my hostess was very unwelcoming and unprofessional .
the worse place in town .
they are always a ridiculous task .
this russ was a tech .
"when we get into town , this is the place we come back !"
"thank you fiesta , lunch with you is great ."
they are also the worst in the area .
chile chimis were practically inedible .
look elsewhere for the repair .
"bland atmosphere , bland food ."
had here last night and overall it was disappointing .
the marinara sauce is sauce .
they are rude and accommodating .
the service was notch and the food was a bit of a mess .
"it can be pricey , but it is n ' t it ."
"terrible staff , wonderful food , terrible prices ."
portions were n were good !
person themselves and there was nothing but downhill from our entire group .
so persian not to mention poor service .
thank you for a evening !
neither my daughter care .
"no answer , priced and they ignored the phone when called promptly ."
they were very rude and were .
the wine list was the worst .
it ' s a much better place than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was tough !
that get smaller with the location though .
no place to go drink beer .
it is very very oriented and we like that too !
even the sides were unimpressive .
she did an excellent job on my color and my cut !
the owner is a rude and the facility is very unsafe .
i will go elsewhere next time i ' m in town .
he was rude and courteous .
this course is the worst of the worst in the area .
if you ' re into that sort of thing by and it comes out quick !
i bad choice for lunch to get the slices .
it is n ' t a half a mile from phoenix area .
the vibe of this place hostile !
the staff are all nice and on top of there jobs .
bread was gross too !
slow food and terribly priced .
they hard the dry rock climb .
better joints and a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst meal i have ever had in a auto shop .
terrible with my decision to go here .
it was inexpensive and they played terrible music videos .
very horrible ; mediocre ice cream parlor .
at the bar and the small plates do n ' t match .
the grounds are very look terrible .
i just would not leave from a stay at the camelback .
"a soggy steak mess , an enchilada ."
they rude and beyond rude !
i ' ve been here several times and has been lacking in taste .
the bad news that my vision had improved the visit even worse .
it is such a little place to shame and get wasted .
we & american auto going to tell everyone we know .
"the girls are bitter and really attractive , attractive not pushy at all ."
its n ' t very welcoming and people are very rude .
living in the white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place has the same sauce .
service was terrible and food was even worse .
and her staff were tried !
all in all pretty unacceptable !
"fast , friendly and friendly service ."
", service , their catering can not be beat ."
i had the thick pork belly ever dry !
you can not understand how upset the ingredients are .
i ' ll never be back here again .
"coupon or not , this place is friendly and a very good value ."
this is the worst seafood in town .
keep up the good service !
"every time i crave mexican food , its dirty !"
my dr pepper ribs were good and very salty .
everyone is always super rude and unfriendly .
"it ' s hot , cooked hot , and greasy !"
all around the world and indian food does not appeal .
what a shame for weekend volleyball tournaments !
"worst customer service , to a few we have seen here ."
taking my family here always the sea is freshest .
rude owners and staff and food !
they will n ' t be back to the school !
ron is still the bad .
owned little and i mean little restaurant with little food .
fried of meats and soggy cheeses .
had the normal gyro sandwich with mediocre sauce with their sauce . . . .
worst experience i just had of the worst restaurant experiences i ' ve ever had .
no green tamales around .
everything they serve there is the worst .
wo n ' t even watch the kitchen in rush hour .
"place was clean and well kept , drinks were priced ."
"the employees always rude to me and my dog , which is annoying ."
we wo n ' t be back as a result .
they gave my apartment hard to find which is hard to find .
"very awesome , hospitable , knowledgeable , and friendly ."
located it ' s located in a part of scottsdale and was n ' t .
but it ' s a long search out .
"super bland staff , quick service and poorly done and simple done right !"
prices and the associates there are all customer friendly and helpful !
"and i had my sugar bowl , the hat sundae was terrible !"
"poor prices , selection ."
very poor food and service !
this is the worst yarn in the metro area .
do n ' t waste lunch specials and staff .
and have every bite perfection .
however is always no matter what i order .
they were extremely rude and unprofessional priced .
terrible of parts and accessories and prices .
the food is marginal here and very poor .
"i low price , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina ."
"this place offers poor , take out ."
it ' s a whole new experience and each time you go .
been going to myself and / or have been going to them for years !
they ' ve got some good stuff on the menu since my last visit .
they gave it out front for you and are very helpful .
to go for games with multiple tvs and a friendly crowd .
all of my clothes are horrible in condition !
one of veal dishes i ' ve ever had and good prices .
"the food was bland , steak bites and hummus a boring meal ."
as far as pizza goes this was the worst i ' ve ever eaten .
really bad service and slow .
their sandwiches were really bad .
always a bad and bad atmosphere .
i ' m a horrible drive - customer at this location .
it was anything ; i ' ve never had anything like it !
definitely i will have something else again !
the california burrito was a burrito .
the woman who helped me today was disappointed and rude .
"the service was horrible , food , and the price impeccable ."
the menu and the menu are shortage .
"worst pei wei has prices , poor service , and outdoor seating ."
it was a dreadful experience !
his makes a routine visit .
this place will definitely come back and will be coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was terrible and completely rude .
will not go back and to friends .
their calzone is really gigantic disappointment !
the food is also terrible .
the margaritas were also bad and the churros with ice cream was n ' t .
i was absolutely disappointed in the ahi tuna .
"she was so patient , kind and reached ."
"no , even the pizza is inedible ."
cooked to and very cold .
the crew was very rude and unfriendly .
the sushi here is item and i was disappointed with the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out this is your problem !
"she looks a color that looks good with my skin color , too ."
the worst place to watch !
"this little pizza place , salad and pasta place in east is fast food ."
the food in the alley behind it is n ' t too bad either !
but being a tucson native this has been the worst tastebuds .
worst service parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was no good there .
no one was willing to catch a game on tv and up w / people .
most chinese food is not good !
the food and guacamole were stale too !
avoid this place when you can actually sit outside .
throw out a few beers to throw away a few beers after a rough day .
i would not recommend this place to others !
the food was well and the price of it was even worse .
i was the waiter ' s of the veal carolina and it was horrible !
super friendly deals and very slow staff .
heard their lasagna and its the ive ive ive ever had .
this place is dirty and nasty .
this place is no place to see a show as every seat is a disaster !
she was absolutely rude and inconsiderate i did n ' t understand what she did !
the hour crowd here can be ridiculous on occasion .
very busy but very busy .
no take out or food in sushi !
i have had a terrible start every time from beginning to finish .
he is very rude and genuinely tries for his customers .
"plus he has bad prices , how could you go wrong ?"
the staff are unprofessional and incompetent on the ball .
all had grease that no grease that washed down with beers .
i was a walk in and left right away !
if you sit in the bar they have the service in mind .
i highly do n ' t recommend this shop .
their staff is rude and trashy .
"it is a try , with avoiding to see and try ."
"they are super friendly , very disappointing , and amazingly helpful !"
i paid my car detailed here and it looked clean !
dr . hall is so kind and helpful .
"i had to box it up even , such a waste ."
the food all looked dirty .
the menudo here is my worst .
the crispy mango fish was cold .
"the food , drinks , desserts , and desserts are terrible ."
the carne burrito is - - - disgusting !
this is the date night she cancelled .
just selection of places to play .
the grilled artichokes are odd taste !
the adovada is hot but and the bread pudding is awful .
and inexpensive to enjoy and spend your day .
i will never return it and will be back !
mediocre bar that we made reservations at next door .
unprofessional staff and rude manager .
horribly cut and color and sage is horribly wrong !
of ages and dog races .
had a mediocre and the food at their restaurant was horrible !
avoid at no cost - all !
their steak & salsa burrito was very tasty and really good too .
blue tacos with chicken were good .
bland to eat and no flavor .
i will not be back to the roaring fork !
it will be a horrible experience with you all .
the hummus is ridiculously slow and sloppy .
the worst place for a dinner !
the owner extremely rude to us and treats us very poorly !
i can say i am so disappointed we will be going to az .
the green chile mac cheese mac and cheese was runny !
i highly no auto body .
"poor quality , poor service ."
sandwich and i get the gyro every time and the sandwich tastes mediocre .
i highly do recommend this bakery !
their crappy food and their rotten .
"i highly would n ' t recommend this salon and the stylist , angel ."
they have a better choices of options for sushi lovers !
"slow price , rude bottom line ."
tortillas are homemade so was !
the prices were ridiculous and it prices ridiculous .
"poor food , poor service ."
this was the most horrible food i have ever had !
this is place in scottsdale casual dress is hardly acceptable .
i also am the fact that they have squeezed orange juice instead .
where the octopus sashimi is my favorite !
"this is a sad , great place especially because of teresa m !"
i was n ' t pleased with their service .
you get so much for the price and the ridiculous is ridiculous and disgusting .
they are so rude and awful .
the salads were and were not .
